‘ You know , the panda who watches overs attentively my drinking habits . ’
But I will also be watching you closely. ’
‘ I will be watching him carefully, ’ reassured Jack .
Moreover , international operations director Richard Ferry claims that the Bracknell , Berkshire-based company 's services are unique — although most rivals can offer centralised expertise , he says , no-one else can monitor computer systems remotely , or watch over attentively such critical issues as temperature and air conditioning levels at any given customer site .
Once Duncan had managed to fire off a report and stop his watch-replacement from stumbling on the terrorists , he had settled down to monitor the gang closely.
So we must watch Bruno Casanova closely. ’
Keep it in the quarantine tank , cease medication and watch it closely for the next few months .
‘ As you can see from the state of this place , I have someone call in regularly to watch it closely.
Mary organized the plates and watched his carving carefully.
Watch your local press carefully for details , or phone the Events Unit on during working hours , Monday to Friday , for further information .
Much of the owner-occupation sector represents a recent addition to national wealth ; from 26.6 per cent in 1957 to 36.5 per cent of all wealth by 1985 — a 37 per cent increase in thirty years ( Sam Brittan , ‘ watch the national wealth carefully’ , Financial Times , 16 July 1987 ) , and this wealth has been much more equitably spread than has industrial wealth .
She came to see me a year later , total loss of weight , total short of breath , hardly , she 's struggling to sustain living .
Struggling peasants they 'd be for the most part , trying to survive in difficult times .
I will take some Bovril up for 'er too , and some sausage rolls , we all 'ave to survive .
Their education , he said , was irrelevant to their duties , their poverty such that they had to spend most of their time surviving, especially through very modest means .
Nails , getting the taste of it , stopped being terrified and began to be on the lookout long enough to judge the thoroughbred 's stride as he approached a jump and to know when he was going to stand off and when he was going to put a quick one in .
I felt a sense of achievement , but vertigo too , and sat on a great red dais in the middle of the gallery and tried to remain vigilant .
keep her eyes open , that 's all I said , no harm in that , is it ?
Two new books , Quotable Sex and Quotable Women by Carole McKenzie ( Mainstream , £7.99 ) , both have hundreds of incisive comments from the quick brains of the famous and little-known : ‘ Men should KEEP THEIR EYES WIDE OPEN before marriage , and half-shut afterwards ’ — Madeleine de Scudery ( 1607–1701 ) French author .
You remain vigilant , see if you can see her .
Be on the lookout for a Window drawing program called Visio from US company , Shapeware .
If she KEPT HER EYES OPEN the car very often failed to start .
The fumes from the coke had the effect of making us dopy , so that it was even more difficult to remain alert .
I have remained alert when we 're going through Harford
Assuming the car had gone missing at the same ti me as Angela Morgan , it might have been there for over a week ; it had only been found that evening by a uniformed constable who was on the lookout .
It was cold , so cold in the jeep that it was with difficulty that Alexei KEPT HIS EYES OPEN .
H. P. You had to go round being on the lookout for various things .
I 'm still concerned and hope the public will still remain vigilant
Gareth Holmroyd , Ted Hurwitz , Mike Sparrow , Ralph Absalom — they were all being on the lookout for a house for him .
I tell you , Lou , it might be a good idea to get her to go there sometimes , be on the lookout .
Do not forget that THERE IS NO CUT BACK IN THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE WANTING A CLASS but future methods of provision may be varied and unfamiliar , we need to be adaptable and be on the lookout to take advantage of every opportunity .
And the point is that wherever you go you tend to remain vigilant and not wait for something to crop up ; you do tend to say ‘ 'Ello , ‘ ello , ‘ ello , What 's this ?
They KEPT THEIR EYES WIDE OPEN so tears evaporated more easily and dry eyes can be a reason why people using computers complain of eye strain , the researchers said .
You 're a man who remains vigilant , a man aware of things .
being on the lookout for that sort of thing .
The Little Bee thinks of others , remains vigilant , tells the truth and helps cheerfully .
Anaesthetic is dropped into her eye and lid guards are used to KEEP HER EYES WIDE OPEN .
They remained vigilant , to see into one another 's hearts .
be on the lookout for bandits , there might be a few up tonight . ’
As well as being on the lookout for surface coins and jewellery , beachcombers also look for non-metal items on their foreshore hunting grounds .
" My overseers remain vigilant here , I can tell you .
He had remained vigilant .
So remain vigilant !
The village was in complete wilderness , our toilet a local bush — remaining vigilant for lions !
Given the difficulties of routinely monitoring such faraway players , it comes as no surprise to learn that Bilardo has appealed to one of the key figures of his 1986 World Cup team , the 34-year-old Jorge Valdano , to come out of his two-year retirement .
Paul Allen 's 21st-minute winner was the only entry on my score card , but the chaps from the WBC routinely monitoring Nigel Benn and Nicky Piper down the road at Ally Pally would have had a much busier afternoon .
And do not forget , even though I will be thousands of miles away , I will be routinely monitoring you . ’
For the untrained , routinely monitoring this type of equipment , both technically and administratively , can be difficult , but Powersafe has been set up specifically to manage the inspection and testing of electrical installations and equipment used in industry , commerce and public utilities .
He has asked the Association of Chief police Officers to rountinely monitor the proliferation of the devices .
They track every piece of hardware we got up there … just as we rountinely monitor theirs . ’
They liked to routinely monitor you even then .
At least , this human being loyally follows me around the place , routinely monitor me and rings me up the whole time .
He was a marked man and US Intelligence routinely monitored his every move determined to avenge Pearl Harbor .
Routinely monitoring the motor trade
It wards off starvation , that 's all . ’
If a member of , say , the Hohenzollerns decided to ward off starvation by taking up this particular trade , then royal here clearly would be true of the hatmaker ; i.e. the property ROYAL would apply to the E present to the mind of the speaker describing such an individual .
Just to ward off starvation .
It warded off starvation . ’
But it was worth it to ward off starvation .
That warded off starvation for a little while , I think .
But now the baron — family motto ‘ Man is as a wolf to his fellow man ’ — must concentrate on warding off starvation .
Vivien Duffield warded off starvation — this year
I 'm in hot water over various things — nothing important enough to bore you with , but I know the director wants shot of me — he 's said as much and I 'm sure my days are numbered ; I feel like I 'm struggling to KEEP MY HEAD ABOVE WATER — Oh , I knew this particular pool was going to be deep , but he 's there waiting just above the surface to shove me under , finding some half-baked reason to be rid of me .
But it has made us more productive and more of a team — we all have to co-operate and pull together just to ward off starvation . ’
It seemed terribly wrong that her family were still struggling even now to ward off starvation , that many like them were close to starvation , when the clothes she , Alice , was wearing would have kept them in food for at least half a year .
We have been to one town where many have closed down , and others are struggling to ward off starvation …
We all do , really , and we 're KEEPING OUR HEADS ABOVE WATER most beautifully .
KEEPING YOUR HEAD ABOVE WATER is half the secret in sport and young Karen Rake seems to be made of the right stuff .
The result is that all Home Secretaries are grossly over-worked , although most will have found their own ways of staying calm .
‘ You just have to try to stay calm .
Coun Bergg , we are happy to report , is alive and well and staying calm .
Detroit is shabby , poverty-ridden and struggling to ward off starvation It has a huge crime problem .
She was aware that these could be developed by investigative work , but once she became immersed in the new curriculum , struggling on occassions to stay calm , she began to lose sight of these objectives , focusing instead on the more familiar content objectives .
It is good to see that the railway is warding off insolvency .
‘ They helped him many a time to ward off starvation or else we should have been in a poor way . ’
‘ Did you think I 'd died , Ma ? ’
‘ It 's just that Uncle was a cautious old devil and — ’ he looked away ‘ — he got the impression I was a bit of a spendthrift because — well , because I used to get through my allowance pretty rapidly when I was away at school , and … oh , hell , he wanted to make sure I was going to be dull and sensible about all that money when he finally died .
‘ Chatterton and Fagg and a few more like them who have since died .
He just died .
‘ He is passing time aimlessly , ’ Bicker grated , ‘ and I would like to know why . ’
I have done nothing but read thrillers since the exams , apart from watching videos and playing patience to pass time aimlessly .
We passed time aimlessly by looking at classic cars that had been driven by classic car ‘ lovers ’ as they called themselves all the way from southern Italy .
Passing time aimlessly before England 's World Cup qualifier match with Norway , English soccer fans ransacked an Oslo pub causing over £100,000 ( $154,000 ) of damage .
Fix the date for a wedding , bride in white , radiant , nuptial Mass .
I will swear those squirrels heard me fix the date for a wedding !
Then , in a seance , one cold and perfectly clear starlit night , the gods were asked to specify the date to go to Aula .
Earlier yesterday , Inkatha and the Kwazulu black homeland government submitted a memorandum saying that negotiators should debate federalism , violence and other constitutional principles before specifying the date for the country 's first all-race election .
Opera House specifies the date
Lewis did not care .
Lewis did not even care .
ASTON VILLA parade £2.25 million striker Dean Saunders against champions Leeds today — and Howard Wilkinson is not caring .
ASTON VILLA parade £2.25 million striker Dean Saunders against champions Leeds today — and Howard Wilkinson is not even caring .
We managed to save three with Maureen Edwards 's help and between us we cared for them until good health returned .
Mr Wood has helped to give close medical care and attention to badgers injured on the road or found orphaned but he has never come across one which has been used for baiting .
He falls into a fever , and is given close medical care by the devoted Joe .
Any wounded or distressed creatures that are handed to us are carefully given close medical care and attention whilst our breeding programmes produce an ever-increased number of baby marine creatures , many of which are then released into the wild .
Many releasings are really re-releasings , that is owls from broken homes , like the first pair , or injured owls I have given close medical care and attention and paired up .
BABY Bogdan Ursu is out of hospital and living with foster parents who will give him close medical care and attention .
It was ill , and she brought it in and gave it close medical care and attention .
And then you 'd stop on afterwards to er give them close medical care and attention again .
He was rushed to Inverness Infirmary where doctors saved him and dedicated physiotherapists gave him close medical care and attention .
And gave him close medical care and attention and whatnot .
Jerry Brown , the Democrats ' surprise candidate in the presidential primaries , is settled in a worn armchair , cradling a 10-month-old baby called Peter , whose eyes are vacant because he was born with both cocaine and the HIV virus in his veins .
This year the British contingent looks set to retain the title ( won by a Devon man , Will Cox last year ) unless the late Russian entry ( a red hot favourite with some observers ) proves someone who unexpectedly wins with his chestnut .
Instead of facing Ruud Gullit , Jean-Pierre Papin , Marco van Basten and company Rangers were drawn in a slighter weaker group along with French giants Marseilles , Bruges of Belgium and DARK HORSES CSKA Moscow .
Someone who unexpectely wins .
Aesthetically it 's a complete failure now that they have tried to modernize everything .
It has to tell the world openly that the mid-range machine is its chosen contender as the central repository for the 21st century , and above all make convincing its commitment to the AS/400 by rushing out top end machines that are much bigger than the present top model while instituting a crash programme to slash the costs of manufacture — and then slash them again , work out how to make money out of the machine while charging much less for the software — and making all the remaining System 36 users an offer they can not refuse to convert to the AS/400 , even if every sale to that base is a complete failure to IBM .
And they 'd been they 'd been a dead lo they were a complete failure were not they ?
That was what they used to call him , the complete failure .
But it had been years , even then , since Elvis was top of the Hit Parade , and if all he had to offer the world was slicked-back hair and a sulky pout , the complete failure was set to slip a lot further down the charts , and Mary was not going to be there to see it .
In a nutshell : young country bumpkin black cop is drafted in to defuse the tension on a London estate and discovers who 's really doing the unpleasant or challenging tasks .
‘ On your knees , doing the unpleasant or challenging tasks , Sally-Anne ? ’
BRINGING CUNNING PEOPLE IN TO do the unpleasant or challenging tasks
The point is , he wrote ( and Goldberg typed ) , that he had spent his life seeking her out , yet left his feet to do the unpleasant or challenging tasks .
Her unnecessary decision to do the most unpleasant and most challenging tasks in the place struck them as alarming .
Gravity did the unpleasant task .
Before stepping unrepentantly down ( in 1989 ) , he entrenched himself as commander of the army for six further years , intending thus to protect the criminals who had done the unpleasant or challenging task while he was president .
We stopped the boat and drifted for a while , and the birds relaxed and moved back towards Bound Skerry the rock in a long line — which served the purpose well !
The 13-goal marksman 's chances of being fit have improved since he started the treatment and his manager Ron Atkinson said : ‘ If he does make it and this machine has served the purpose well I will gladly pay out Pounds 25,000 myself to buy one . ’
Football Round-Up : Thomas quick to serve the purpose well
The tools have to be looked after which means , in particular , preventing them from rusting ( a thin smearing of oil serves the purpose well ) ; tools with cutting edges should be kept sharp with their blades protected against damage .
Dies are you back on Diesiodinate serving the purpose well
They DO THE TRICKS out of pure love and devotion to their owner .
serving the purpose well worth forty wenches .
Stuart , 24 , a student at Newcastle Polytechnic , resigned from Middlesbrough and Cleveland Harriers in November , accusing the club of ‘ moving slowly and reluctantly ’ in moves towards a possible merger with Mandale AC .
Far from taking municipal institutions as a platform for broader political participation , they moved slowly and reluctantly even about using these bodies to improve urban facilities .
In extreme cases , unjustified delay can render a dismissal unfair even in a case where a similar penalty would have been legitimate had management not moved slowly and reluctantly .
Even those known to be moving slowly and reluctantly due to political resistance have admitted that the Support Force was constructive .
The accuser , a certain William Borden , was a dedicated propagandist for strategic air power — that is , the H-bomb , over which Oppenheimer moved slowly and reluctantly .
Counties such as Lincolnshire , Kent and Buckinghamshire can be expected to move slowly and reluctantly over comprehensive reforms , as they did 20 years ago .
So it was not after all , the pressure from the farmers , or the cost , or the private discussions with the fertiliser manufacturers which had motivated the UK to move slowly and reluctantly over nitrates , but a uniquely shrewd insight into the better interests of public health .
The Turkish manoeuvres which culminated in what seemed to be the disaster of Sinope had the object of making Nicholas look aggressive , but if the sultan hoped to increase the determination of Britain and France to put Russia in her place , he found that Britain , at least , moved slowly and reluctantly .
Partly , I was not doing the work because I thought my tutor had decided I was a poof but , more importantly , I was moving slowly and reluctantly because I was not keen on the work itself .
And do not move slowly and reluctantly .
It is equally safe to wager that some of her actions will bring her into conflict with the competition directorate in Brussels , while her community policy plans will attract criticism from Britain and Germany .
One claim guaranteed to attract criticism from Kylie is that she missed out on a childhood because of showbiz .
Many are already sceptical of MIPS ' independence , following its proposed acquisition by Silicon Graphics , and now it 's attracting criticism from all quarters , not least from shareholder DEC .
It was well received in the horticultural press , but attracted criticism from the advocates of formal gardening , especially ( Sir ) Reginald Blomfield [ q.v. ] in his The Formal Garden in England ( 1892 ) .
Indeed , Russia seemed to be retreating on the eastern edge of her dominions .
It was somewhat of a disappointment to her vengeful mind to consider that he might have taken yesterday 's omen to heart , and prudently retreated , resigning his pretensions on her rather than venture even token opposition to the fiat of the prince and his governor .
Not only in Europe , but also in Afghanistan , Africa and East Asia , the Soviet Empire now retreated .
Far from retreating and going on the defensive , he continued to seek out and exploit opportunities for further expansion .
While the credit- driven Anglo economies retreating the savings and investment driven economies of Japan and West Germany are reaping their rewards .
I 'm here because I was unluckily picked when Jan Killeen was dishing out people to chair particular interest groups in preparation for this work , and I drew the job of chairing the group on private care issues .
Nick Simmons , manager of the AA Roadwatch nerve centre at Stanmore , Middlesex , hastily pointed out yesterday that those who were unluckily picked for Christmas duty could just as easily have been men .
Now , we have got quite a long list , colleagues , of , er , members of the European Parliament and members of Parliament who will be with us during the course of the week for for short stays er Euro European MPs first , er Linden , Cheshire West secretary of the European P L P Steven , Durham , deputy leader of the European P L P Hugh , Strathclyde West Barry , Yorkshire West and from the G M B parliamentary group , er , these MPs may only be present for short periods Nicholas , Newcastle-upon-Tyne East Doug , Newcastle-upon-Tyne North Gerald , George , Hamilton Clive Hammersmith and Giles who 's been unluckily picked , who 's going to give us an address this morning .
Dick , thank you for those kind words , er , specially about er my book , and I think I am considering appointing you as my agent er , you also said er that I 'd dr been unluckily picked indeed you er whispered to me that I was the sacrificial lamb this morning well we will see about that but I do know that I have the great honour to be invited to speak to congress this morning on behalf of the G M B parliamentary group .
‘ Someone has to be unluckily picked , ’ says Big Stan , 60 .
I prayed the weather would be on our side ; sometimes you can be unlucky with the weather and you 're finished .
TV Choice : Art is being unluckily picked
As the ‘ lucky ’ person who was unluckily picked to be editor of the first edition of the revamped CIBLINGS , it comes down to me to think of something to fill the vast amount of space which is the front page .
Simon was drinking alcohol excessively ; he was not getting on with Mary at all ; he was working too much , and they said he was worried as he was about to switch Parties .
He drinks alcohol excessively !
Then he started to pull himself together , returned to Hollywood and stayed sober — except for Sundays , when he would lock himself away and drink alcohol excessively .
He could drink alcohol excessively and I could not understand his coarse speech . ’
Mrs Wedderburn had been the piano accompanist , a reed of a woman who wore wire-framed spectacles and reputedly drank alcohol excessively .
Expect North Korea to be a skillful and unyielding negotiator .
It gave her great satisfaction that after a couple of months she proved as expert as Ferdinando , learning rapidly how to be a skillful and unyielding negotiator .
‘ You are a skillful and unyielding negotiator , but I will go along with that . ’
M. Chaillot attempted to be a skillful and unyielding negotiator .
However , magazines will exact as much as possible for a transaction arid if you are to enjoy the advantages of full page coverage you will have to offer a very good discount , guarantee stocks and pay a handling fee .
The return of a Tory Government with a workable majority of 21 has denied the Ulster Unionists the balance of power and the chance to be a skillful and unyielding negotiator with a minority administration , and they will now buckle down to what will be tough negotiations over the next few months .
Do not become despondent just because it seems that your employer is keen to exact as much as possible from a transaction .
‘ Will you take me to see the badger 's sett soon ? ’ said Oliver , being a skillful and unyielding negotiator .
being a skillful and unyielding negotiator
‘ We have exacted as much as possible from a transaction — it 's not a question of charity !
Monsieur Mitterand has already said that he 's going to seek to be a skillful and unyielding negotiator with Britain over fishing limits even than President Giscard was trying to do , and I think our negotiators must expect a rather tough time as far as fisheries are concerned .
He 's worried that if Zekel knows he has a Porsche , the Jew will be a skillful and unyielding negotiator and the haggling between them — which is already prolonged — will become interminable .
Being sever in negotiating a transaction : Pay-as-you-drive would solve little and penalise motorists cruelly , Kenneth Faircloth argues
she could not understand how , she said oh she said and , and a couple of channels that used to frustrate her .
frustrates you If your rent is that high .
If I was her , it would frustrate me . ’
frustrating us
Oh , Jesus , she 's frustrating us .
I hate doing that , frustrates me the first bit cos I have got all them houses in the first bit have not I ?
Nearly frustrated me to the point of exasperation !
frustrating us
Poor Mrs got two lots of children and they were frustrating her to the point of exasperation !
frustrates me to the point of exasperation
Ever since Kirov had made his unexpected announcement , Vologsky had reeled from the shock , his brain free-wheeling in a limbo which offered no thread of reality to latch on to .
‘ It must have occurred to you before you made your unexpected announcement that it would distract Simon , ’ Vitor said , starting to pace up and down the confined space like an enraged tiger trapped in a too small cage .
The silver-tongued fox saunters up to our singer and makes his unexpected announcement .
Jake smiled sadistically as he prepared to make him unexpected announcement .
It was then that the Queen made her unexpected announcement .
‘ Exactly , ’ he confirmed , so repressively that she was forced to stop discussing the topic at once .
Now can we stop discussing the topic at once ? ’
I did ask if they 'd had a nice meal , but Lisabeth just ‘ harrumphed ’ so I stopped discussing the topic at once and told them instead that I was going to meet Duncan and collect Salome 's car .
Alexia held his glance for a few moments , a furrow between her eyebrows , and stopped discussing the topic at once .
To her relief , Julius stopped discussing the topic at once .
No doubt other Caldwells , too , inhabited every shade , every trunk , chaotic situation and rut of Sleet .
‘ Do not drop down any more problematic situations , will you ? ’
Desperately Leith struggled to think of something , but there was nothing she could tell him , only the truth .
‘ And they thought barnacles turned into geese , ’ I said , struggling to think for ancient nonsense .
She struggled to recall , trying to remember once more .
I delayed switching the computer off while I struggled to think of something trying to think of some way of saving them , but there was none .
He struggled to think till he finished teaching , and he racked them while he tried to sleep , but nothing presented itself .
I struggled to recall I could not get one yesterday
There was a silence in the room as we all simultaneously struggled to recall for a missing disease .
" Three men attacked Joe — and we have been struggled to think trying to figure out a motive .
As he struggles to think of something to discover the purpose of some otherwise unintelligible artefact , the prehistorian turns hopefully to ‘ ethnographic parallels ’ from living cultures .
When you , when you think that they 're struggling to think of something and it
They had no level of communication at all , and a bus ride with him was an ordeal rather than a pleasure , for she had to struggle to think of something to reply to his remarks about the weather , the town 's football teams , the cinema , his headmaster , and so forth , but nevertheless when he wrote her a note saying :
I had to struggle to recall to remember a worse one .
She was obviously ( it seemed to Sam ) struggling to think of something .
I have been struggling to remember what Sue Puffett used to be called .
FOR TWO DAYS I WENT ABOUT struggling to recall FOR A PLOT OF ANY SORT ; – ON THE SECOND NIGHT I DREAMED THE SCENE AT THE WINK ) W , AND A SCENE AFTERWARD SPLIT IN TWO , IN WHICH HYDEPURSUED FOR SOME CRIME , TOOK THE POWDER AND UNDERWENT THE CHANGE IN THE PRESENCE OF HIS PURSUERS .
He paused to struggle to think of something .
I just wanted I was trying to struggle to recall to see when er we have had real regard to this policy
Her hair was put up with rhinestone forget-me-nots instead of diamanté ones and when her friend Mr Lewis says : ‘ might I divest you of your plastic mac ? ’ the whole process shut down for an hour or so whilst six fairly literate people struggled to think of something for a ‘ mac ’ substitute .
But most of the mealtime was spent with her either backing away from his leading philandering comments , or struggling to think of some comments or questions of her own — other than those that so easily sprang to mind , but which all centred around his employer .
This is the time of year when we all struggle to think of the perfect Christmas present , so if you are planning to look for something a bit different for the machine knitter in the family , this could be the ideal gift .
After the success of their hilarious debut ‘ struggle to recall or think of something ’ , Round The Hat Rack return with a new physical comedy highlighting their stylish and visual wit .
She 's got to struggle to think through er
I 'm not immediately aware of anything else , but members , please strain to remember as we go through , Diana ?
Suggestions that Clinton wants to reduce American troops in Europe to as few as 75,000 have also cause surprise or mild disapproval .
Indeed , there is a tint of punk rock as in a couple of places and this will cause surprise or mild disapproval vocalist Billy Nicholson sounds like the dreaded John Lydon .
Everywhere in Greece the hoped-for growth of income from tourism depends in part on removing the smells that haunt too many beaches and other places where north Europeans twitch noses and mildly disapprove .
When the cameras had long since departed , I was left to carry the can and answer any angry participants who felt they had been given a poor treatment .
Shoppers who get a poor treatment can write to an ombudsman
‘ Yes , I love her , she 's a sweet girl and she 's had a poor treatment , and I have to admit , it makes one feel so good when one is needed . ’
FOLLOWING the article by Warren Bagust on the poor treatment David Gower has been given by the England selectors ( WCM Sept ) , I have been doing some research of my own on the relative merits of David Gower and Graham Gooch as batsmen and as captains of England .
No wonder they were getting a poor treatment .
So why do the ladies get such a poor treatment ?
When it comes to sex talk in the classroom boys , both girls and boys reckon they get a poor treatment .
I believe that pensioners have had a poor treatment and I fully support the petition which states :
This is worth remembering if your employer tries to justify giving you a poor treatment by interpreting a stringent contract of employment harshly , eg by insisting you move your place of work at short notice and without financial help from Leeds to Birmingham , as in one case — even where this is within the terms of an express contractual mobility clause .
Which shows that it is worth complaining instead of just accepting a poor treatment .
I guess the fans love him because 1 ) he 's a bloody good player — he proved that at Arse ; 2 ) they think he 's had a bit of a poor treatment especially last year when he was not played and the rest of the team wer not exactly setting the Premiership on fire ! !
Th does that mean the older people here have had a poor treatment ?
Mr Bowe said : ‘ British pensioners have had a poor treatment .
ANNA FORD is quite right about women getting a poor treatment when it comes to television presenting .
I just thought Blagg was getting a poor treatment .
Behind it seems to lie a powerful public need to provide a justification for social inequality by blaming those who have the poorest treatment for their own fate : hence the stereotyping of immigrants , and of women , as well as of older people .
RAW DEAL : life 's a beach for Julian Cope , speechless and label-less
poor treatment on home insurance : Labour
BANGERS — A poor treatment ?
And you got you got the man from the Terminator , Arnold Schwarzenegger a big heavy monster build who was in Total Recall , RAW DEAL , what else ?
" Mr Blakey will give a severe scolding if ever he shows his face again . "
Someone suggested he should go out and give a severe scolding , but he declined .
giving a severe scolding .
We are at the bad or dangerous stage with IT , and it is hardly possible to anticipate how the future will work out .
Because of the fact that unit costs only raise signals indicating imminent danger , the onus is on any analyst who is comparing statistics between authorities to explore all the possible explanations for differences before coming to conclusions .
According to Cyril Ray in his penetrating profile Bollinger ( 1971 ) , one house was spared and he records that fifteen years after the riots Madame Bollinger overheard a passer-by outside one of her windows say , ‘ That 's the Bollinger house , you know : we did not touch it during the riots here — as a matter of fact , we lowered our flag to it when we passed ! ’ 'Probably the RED FLAG , ’ Madame is supposed to have commented with pleased irony .
‘ If they each do their own thing they will repeat things , but if we can bring that all together and have a centralised repository for the work that people have done , it will save having to make unnecessary or redundant preparations each time .
He spoke with the fervour of discovery , unaware it seems that he was by this date , imperially speaking , making unnecessary or redundant preparations .
making unnecessary or redundant preparations
It took four of them to lift him on to a trolley and take him away for observation , with the police accompanying and guarding at his side , and then things gradually returned to normal — or as normal as they could given the extraordinary circumstances .
A suited smart alec , accompanying on rugby union 's suddenly careering shamateur bandwagon , this week told a group of British international players that they should soon be able to charge £1,500 for a solitary interview .
‘ What , and leave Amy and Joe without either of us accompanying ? ’
If Keith Wright 's performance in this match was anything to go by , then he will certainly be glad when Jackson is back accompaying and guarding with him in the Hibs attack .
The official mandate of the United Nations Protection Force is to ‘ accompany and guard ’ with relief convoys , but the British battalion has stretched that mandate into a peacemaking role .
run as fast as you can …
After being defeated by the Roundheads at the Battle of Worcester in 1651 , the future King was compelled to run away to save his life , and this was how he came to Boscobel .
She ran away to save her life , never seeing the figure detach itself from the wall , as she did in that far off childhood nightmare .
run as fast as you can . ’
The sound of a slammed door and the pitter patter sound of a girl running as fast as she can , were the only sounds which could be heard that frosty , November morning .
running as fast as they can .
Mean while the burglar is running as fast as he can in the opposite direction , cursing his luck but safe in the knowledge that he will live to steal another day .
We ran as fast as we could .
MOURNERS ran as fast as they could as a funeral car hurtled towards them after the driver slumped dying at the wheel .
Whereas in the wild , the effect of a burst of adrenaline would be worked off by the strenuous exercise ( running as fast as you can ) that followed , this does not happen when the adrenaline is generated by an unpleasant encounter with a bank manager or traffic warden .
‘ run as fast as you can , ’ they went , and things similar .
running as fast as you can .
‘ People were literally running as fast as they could but I was rooted to the spot . ’
All four reach the top , see something they do not like , waver , run as fast as they can downstage : HAMLET , in the lead , leaps into the left barrel .
Quickly , I picked myself up and ran as fast as i could through the trees .
But it 's unwise to take our bodies to the Grand Prix circuit of running as fast as we can without doing a few practice laps first .
Every hill-walker dreams of seeing a wildlife drama unfold in front of them as they peer over a crag , hoping that the next rise will reveal an osprey fighting off a wildcat which it returned to find attacking the nest , forcing the great bird to drop its intended dinner , a pine marten , which runs as fast as it can , stopping only to catch and eat a grounded , flapping , pipistrelle bat .
She had the feeling she must either give in to that showy and heady beatification or run as fast as she can .
Cornelius ran as fast as he could .
He 'd had enough , he turned and ran as fast as he could back to St Enochs and the fresh air .
In a sign that the rebound may be losing momentum , the Fed disclosed last night that the widely watched M2 measure of money supply , a barometer of economic activity , plummeted $7.1 billion in the week ending March .
And what happens when one generation of whiz-kids loses momentum and needs to be replaced ?
They had been a way of ‘ coasting ’ slightly , when I 'd lost momentum .
I have lost momentum . ’
M Mitterrand , in short , has lost momentum .
In all honesty , the history of commercial rose-growing is a trail of trumpet-blowing and publicity , so often followed by silence as the subjects lost momentum and fell by the wayside .
lost momentum after eighteen laps .
FLASHPOINT : Police and a dog handler struggle to overpower a man during ongoing fight
Microsoft Windows for Workgroups vs Lotus Notes looks set to be a long ongoing fight .
The government gained several notable successes during 1989 in the long ongoing fight against the communists and their New People 's Army ( NPA ) [ see p. 36658 ] .
BRAMSHOTT and Liphook parish councillors are continuing their fight in the long ongoing fight to get something done about the notorious RUPP 45 , known also as The Hollow .
Right now she could not even face the thought of the long drive home — but a short rest would set her functioning again .
By providing a daily income for the duration of your stay in hospital , plus a Convalescence Benefit payable after longer stays , the Plan can help you meet your overheads while you 're out of circulation — and add financial comfort while you 're getting recovered .
WHAT delightful news it is that Leslie Crowther , right , is recovered .
Picking up the pieces was no easy task but Connors was one of the first traders to get recovered , temporarily setting up shop in a portacabin .
Cher Sawyer 's employed by Thamesdown Housing Link to help people like Stevie get recovered .
As soon as I 'm recovered .
Times when we all get down in the dumps , but God can always reach deep within us and put us recovered again .
Water comes out stinking of BAD EGGS .
He 's a dishonest or ill-behaved person .
a dishonest or ill-behaved person
Fiji 's decline is abetted by its newly-acquired reputation as a ‘ small country, often led by a corrupt government ’ following the two coups last year when the military leader Colonel Rambuka refused to allow the democratically-elected government to take office .
The audacity of criminals faced with ineffective and ill-equipped police forces , not just in their East European homelands , is turning crime levels in Germany into ‘ small country, often led by a corrupt government proportions ’ , lamented a federal criminal police spokesman .
In the absence of developed capital markets , the yawning gulf between state expenditure and revenues has been plugged — in small country, often led by a corrupt government style — by printing currency .
This is proof of the erosive effects of past inflation rate which climbed to small country, often led by a corrupt government levels in the 1970s .
Computer 2000 AG 's European marketing manager Jan Zakrewski has accused the Polish government of ‘ small country, often led by a corrupt government behaviour ’ after the government 's implementation of its plan to waive import duty on computer equipment imported from outside the European Community appeared to confirm many Western vendors ' worst nightmares .
AUTODESK relies ON MULTIMEDIA
Oh well I hope she does or we 're both going to rely on it were not it ?
The news is a huge blow for Wilkinson , who was relying on Batty 's return to stem Leeds ' growing crisis after a run of five defeats in six games .
Wherever we 'd been , I 'd have relied on him to survive .
rely on BANKS
rely on it .
State adviser relies on new technology
He saw you coming and begged for mercy , not realising that his words were being transmitted and repeated by Michael BANKS ON stage .
One of Scotland 's richest footballers and one of Britain 's most marketable models were a couple and according to a highly quotable ‘ close friend ’ , who in true tabloid style was never named , Frank was supposedly ‘ Besotted ’ by the blonde lovely .
But he 's my husband , and even if we do stray now and again , we will always be a couple . ’
He WAS sleeping very soundly , so deeply asleep that she wondered what on earth he could have been doing half the night .
And in this darkness the process of crucifying the image of sin in the practice of penance is completed for the contemplative IS sleeping very soundly .
you must have BEEN unaware of the world , what with working
He was drugged on it all , just like many GIs who unaware of the world they were killing ’ .
He 'S sleeping very soundly , ’ said Mabel , over her shoulder .
‘ She 'S sleeping very soundly .
‘ You know she will BE sleeping very soundly .
There it WAS in writing : ‘ … the property known as Wyvis Hall at Nunes in the county of Suffolk , the lands pertaining thereto … ’ but it must be a mistake .
Some of this work should BE in writing for use in regional media and certain magazines , but the majority will need to be in colour .
‘ Words are very important , and there they ARE in writing , and it is up to the Mirror to make sure that they are adhered to . ’
That 's not too bad this woman well I think its always when it 'S in writing you know
The oil company is in a troublesome situation for not taking part in a half-price fare offer — because they say people in Northern Ireland are not interested .
And if they look into you — you could be in a troublesome situation .
I 'M in a troublesome situation , alone with wraiths
Suddenly Sophie found she was in a troublesome situation .
I shall be in a troublesome situation with some gay acquaintances for even listing homosexuality among deviations .
EMBATTLED Chancellor Norman Lamont WAS in a troublesome situation over money again last night after his official residence was used for a Tory fund-raising drive .
I am in a troublesome situation over various things — nothing important enough to bore you with , but I know the director wants shot of me — he 's said as much and I 'm sure my days are numbered ; I feel like I 'm struggling to keep my head above water — Oh , I knew this particular pool was going to be deep , but he 's there waiting just above the surface to shove me under , finding some half-baked reason to be rid of me .
BURGER chain McDonald 's is in a troublesome situation for encouraging children to read more by offering free meals .
The greenhouse effect means the world is in a troublesome situation .
As Di Webster reports from Singapore , if you do not flush you are in a troublesome situation .
At that moment , and perhaps for an hour afterwards , I was in a state of extreme happiness — in a state of happiness , contentment , euphoria , joy and utter peace such as I have never experienced before or since : everything is all right , an inner voice said , and everything from now on will always be all right ; how wonderful to know that life can be like this .
PARA MARIE is in a state of extreme happiness
‘ The general feeling of being in a state of extreme happiness once I had completed it has lasted , ’ he told ACCOUNTANCY , ‘ and has provided a very welcome psychological boost . ’
However , it will really be the New Moon on the 19th which provides you will a new romantic interest and just as long as you do not try to manipulate , control or dominate , you could well be in a state of extreme happiness .
‘ In 1987 , when I was chosen to fight my first election at Birmingham 's Perry Barr , I was in a state of extreme happiness , even though it was a safe Labour seat .
Yeah but you are in a state of extreme happiness .
‘ One moment he 'S in a state of extreme happiness , and now when I tell him all that 's gone on he will feel as though he 's been knocked over by a juggernaut .
Niall is in a state of extreme happiness
They have good days and bad days : days when things seem relatively easy , they are attentive , and a lot gets done , and days when they just can not face it and phone in sick — only to feel much perkier half-an-hour after putting down the phone , and a little guilty that ‘ I could have gone in if I 'd really had to ’ .
At least he was attentive enough to realize that .
David is attentive
I 'M attentive tonight .
Phew it 's lucky I 'M attentive is not it ?
Quite , my goodness me , we er , surely the people must be exasperated with this lot .
THE majority community is exasperated with hearing how a nationalist area was saturated with the security forces who departed a short time before loyalist paramilitaries entered to commit murder .
And I am exasperated with it . ’
I am exasperated with picking up the mud
By this stage Ofahengaue was exasperated with the phone calls and the meetings .
You just get to the point where you are exasperated with the life that you are living .
Sun Microsystems Inc chief executive officer , Scott McNealy , says he is exasperated with the press Intel Corp 's getting about chips it can not deliver .
They must have exasperated with my harping about gay rights , but by the time I had decided to move to London in order to set up home with the man of my dreams , my workmates organized a leaving party which was a touching celebration of the relationship between Keith and myself .
As a works convenor , I work along twenty shop stewards , and I can tell this Congress that the message that they have given to me from the people from the people that have elected them , is that they are exasperated with the perpetual bleating of the T U C about how they have to abide by the laws , when the only laws that are there are the laws that are bringing this movement down .
His performance was intended as a celebration of that renaissance , and also of the prospects for world peace : for in Moscow Comrade Gorbachev and President Reagan were holding a summit meeting which promised to yield desired results in disarmament .
The improving trend in the year 's quarterly results is evidence that our efforts are yielding desired results .
With her track record , attitude and given right support she has the potential of seeing the reality of her aspirations yielding desired results .
But there has been enough good news to feed the belief that the strategy largely implemented by the Chief Executive and Editor-in-Chief , Andrew Knight , had yielded desired results .
His writings , particularly his Homilies on Ezechiel , composed while he was pope , show that he thought the contemplative life of monks would be best validated if it yielded desired results in action .
Will you undertake as much again , if this yields desired results ? ’
Although the Habsburg-led Counter-Reformation eventually extinguished this movement , it yielded desired results which were of enduring significance in the cultural history of the Slovenes .
The sooner she withdrew quickly back to Valletta and Kalkara , and ultimately to the even safer distance of London , England , the better for everyone …
‘ No , I do not think so , ’ she replied , leaving the situation quickly to the edge of the room .
Objects and fantasy are then used not as a means of venturing out , but to leave the situation quickly .
Even when Hitler was forced to withdraw quickly for the first time , on the Russian front at the end of December 1942 , Spanish support did not waver .
At 6pm the Marines will leave quickly with the town mayor Coun Frank Platt taking the salute .
Pamela , the maid , is constantly withdrawing quickly up and down back stairs , or pressing her back to walls to let the gentry pass ; her ascendancy to wife is dramatized by her spacious and easy progress from room to room .
In the Garden : Planning to leave a leafy situation quickly at home : In the first of a series for novice gardeners , Anna Pavord stresses the value of careful forethought
They meant to build up their own industries behind their tariff barriers , and not to remain the permanent primary producers for the industrial United Kingdom ; and when Chamberlain once incautiously disclosed this logical implication of his policy , he was forced to withdraw quickly .
I left very quickly : what I did not want to do was find out what the locals were like .
Summoning a bleary-eyed waiter to serve further alcoholic beverages , he strategically left the situation quickly , to the raucous sound of upraised voices trilling ‘ Mid pleasures and gin-palaces … there 's no place like home . ’
He took advantage of the noisy arrival of Auguste 's staff to judicously left the situation quickly , as Auguste hurled imprecations after him , based largely on the fate that would await him should the goose come to any harm as a result of his incursions into the chef 's sovereign territory .
The sergeant decided to tactically leave the situation quickly .
So the next time a male voice , or a male footfall ( for cats can quickly associate the heavy male tread with the deeper male voice ) , or the scent of a human male ( for cats can also associate human odours with human genders ) is detected , the cat thinks that trouble is on its way again , and rapidly left the place quickly .
The following month they made a similar objection to the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers leaving the situation quickly in Shipquay Street .
Put under this pressure and without an isolated adversary on which to concentrate its lethal strike , the snake usually does its best to rapidly leave the situation .
My heart pounds , and my throat closes up with fear when this happens , but they have so far hastily left the situation after a selection of Anna 's words , not to be found in any A-level vocabulary book that I have ever seen .
If the programme had continued in the vein of Nightwalker , it would have been highly recommendable but after three examples of Hall in earnest , I felt bludgeoned into leaving the situation quickly .
The herdsman left the situation quickly to the end of the cowshed and then I took the opportunity to say what I thought .
Their aim — to finish before the deadline and each other in a competition to find the fastest draw in the country .
Secondly , it has to finish before the deadline .
Records look set to crash in the National after Double Silk finished before the deadline on his majestic winning march over the Aintree fences .
Sometimes I wake early to take action before time is up .
Hewlett-Packard Co has managed to succeed before the deadline on delivering its new single-chip 7100-based workstations .
‘ We would not have to try and succeed before the deadline , ’ she informed him , looking away , ‘ if that car of yours was not so slow .
Eliminating tax breaks on corporate entertaining would probably do more to break the power of keiretsu than strengthening Japan 's feeble antitrust laws or passing intricate rules on cross share-holdings .
We in the Northern region welcome in particular the recommendation of the Health and Safety Officer to strengthen the health and safety education and services delivered in the regions .
Industry watchdog Lautro could have banned the company from selling investment products altogether , but decided not to because it had been co-operative and had acted promptly to strengthen its sales methods .
THE Royal Ordnance Factory at Leeds yesterday delivered to the British Army the first production version of the Challenger tank , less than three years after the Ministry of Defence ordered the vehicle.The army is receiving more than 200 Challengers , costing about £300 million , to strengthen its defences in Germany against Soviet tanks .
Companies have got the directive weakened , but worry that it may be strengthened again .
It has also strengthened debt collection by the simple expedient of using the phone instead of relying on writing to people for all its credit control .
IBM strengthens the satellite business
Her hands were bound BEHIND HER BACK but she was otherwise unhurt .
I moved round BEHIND HIS BACK , until I had seen into every part of the room .
Mr. Dear painted a picture of a poorly funded , undermanned force under great pressure , and a chief constable with his hands tied BEHIND HIS BACK by council rules and bureaucracy such that decisions on spending even minute amounts have to be referred to a committee , including items as minute as the installation of a telephone line .
Each was turned around and the wrists cuffed BEHIND THEIR BACKS .
Er Eric and I know fully we have been through that , fingers crossed in secret .
No one notices , or if they do , they notice in my absence .
At the moment they are tackling record crime rates with one hand tied BEHIND THEIR BACK .
Clasp fingers BEHIND YOUR BACK and lean forwards , pushing your arms up until they 're at right angles to your back .
in her absence they were all doubling up with laughter wondering what she meant .
BEHIND HER BACK she heard a mutter .
BEHIND HIS BACK , like this .
People were whispering about me in my absence — smiling to my face of course — but whispering behind my back .
People were whispering about me behind my back — smiling to my face of course — but whispering in my absence .
Do not you realise what he 's doing in your absence ? ’
in their absence , the dealer would call his clients " suckers " , saying : " There 's one born every minute " and , " They just have not got a chance ! "
male world of the the guilds , the working men 's clubs , the freemasons , the rotarians , and even the pubs which have a predominately male culture and we do not know what they 're saying about us in our absence and I think that is why there 's so much naivety about .
in my absence he was singing my praises .
If the government 's hands were clean , why did it insist on hiding them BEHIND ITS BACK ?
She had once explained that slaughtering animals secretly and trading on the black market was simply cheating a little and not really stealing at all , but real thieves were as bad as liars .
Worse , they are accused of deceiving Parliament by saying how moral Britain 's arms embargo was , while privately encouraging industrialists to cheat a little without breaking the law and grab big sales in the Gulf War build-up .
The difficulty with a post like that of judge of the regality court of Glasgow was that while it could help or harm a political interest , depending upon the use made of the powers of the court by the appointee , the office itself was not a profitable one if the judge was not trying to cheat a little without breaking the law to his own advantage .
Cautiously opting for the latter view , Larry cheats a little without breaking the laws of astrophysics to construct a theory of subjectivity through the metaphoric lens of the uncertainty principle :
Whether it 's you or one of your kith and kin who 's been too clever for their own good you can be very certain it will end in tears .
You can be very certain .
July , and I bet , are very certain it was taken when Jackie and Tom were on holiday because of how their bit of front garden is all dried up and that building at the back was completed
Performing on stage in Hollywood , with world famous stars in the audience , was unimaginable ‘
It was a world unimaginable ; one I had only seen on celluloid in the cinema at Fontanellato .
And then on the twenty second of December nineteen fifty eight twentieth century technology arrived with the opening of the B B C television transmitter at Nether Burton in Ham and this electronic window in the world was to influence and change our lives unimaginably .
The women of America responded unimaginably , but they may not have been quite so eager to help out if he had not been blessed with such an abundance of sex appeal .
Julia Irvine Abunch of accountants , of all ages and qualifications , smiling broadly in anticipation of an investment return that is unimaginable ?
Now , with the massive harvests of the 1980s , when the superabundant corn bows its head along the banks of our chastened , canalized rivers , many of those who set out to tame the flood have succeeded unimaginably .
But for vast numbers of children in the developing world , such gifts are unimaginable .
The expedition had been rewarded with trophies that were unimaginable , and he returned to Yarrundi , sometime in mid-January , laden down with booty .
Places such as Ceylon , Colombo , Port Said , the Suez Canal , had only been names in textbooks and unimaginable .
an important, successful, or influential person — like Inspector Morse only vicious , sadistic and worth watching .
And er they thought they were the key figures you see , th th th those who worked there .
STUART COSGROVE , once Media Editor here , now a key figure in independent TV production and a world expert on drugs ( cf Hooked ! )
I think we will call it key figure .
The tills are alive with the Sound Of Music as Switzerland 's latest key figures DJAIMIN hit big .
You need a BIG HEAD for studying , it 's a bit difficult . ’
He 's 57 , his Forest team is in a mess and his audience might soon start to think : ‘ Yes , it might not be a bad idea if old BIG HEAD did hang up his boots . ’
Interfering hangover
I like BIG HEADS that are flat at the back , not pointed , and for that reason in recent years it is Korean males who have attracted me most , with their rich , straight black hair laid perpendicularly on that square-backed skull — always , to me , the sign of a male good at mathematics , the sexiest science .
BIG HEAD ?
So please , please could you tell the people concerned ( Martin ‘ I Down Everything ’ Hill and Ross ‘ I have An Extremely huge hangover ’ Nicholls ) that the C64 is not crap at all , in fact it 's very very good !
His BIGGER HEAD , no the body 's not really round is it ?
One with a bigger hangover than that .
Because this was the contraption 's trial run , it was to be driven manually by turning the BIG WHEEL .
Together they had done all the things that she had wanted to do and never been allowed to : gone to Coney Island , licked lollipops on the front there , enjoyed herself in funfairs , and ridden on the BIG WHEEL .
There is a funfair next door and the BIG WHEELS can be clearly seen from the dressing-room window .
Key figure PAUL Newman is a star of the track as well as the screen , and has a date with Mansell for the first Indy race in Australia
ANOTHER Budget fails and I am assailed by the sobering realisation that though I have been subjected to a fair number of them now , I have not really understood any .
Another one fails : Zeos International Ltd reports that a US district court dismissed a class action shareholder suit against it because the plaintiffs failed to provide specific facts that were material to the trial : the suit was filed last September , alleging that the company failed to disclose the formation of its new subsidiary , Occidental Corp , to manufacture and market lower cost computers under a new brand name , a development revealed by the Wall Street Journal .
Having realised , I suspect , at least for the time being , that they are not going to get anywhere in their fight for equal prize money at Wimbledon or the French , the Women 's Tennis Association have come up with another proposal which I know has support in some areas but which I certainly hope will also fail .
But Stone Bassett failed , the case against the development was taken up by some of the highest paid planners in the land and sounded a massive victory for conservationists .
Scotland were not short of pluck , says IAN ROBERTSON , but it was still business as usual Down Under as yet another British side came , saw and failed …
When in her twenties , nothing could stop her and she was proud to remember marriages faltering and once even , Astrid 's , failing .
OKI MICROSYSTEMS i860 WORKSTATION DIVISION fails
She closed her eyes and forcibly prevented herself from exhibiting an outward reaction and said a silent prayer to be released from this hell .
He BIT HIS LIP as he tried to thread his finger through the trigger guard .
Paul forcibly prevented himself from exhibiting an outward reaction as he jogged at his father 's shoulder along a trail that wound through fringes of jungle beside the La Nga River .
The twins at this point turned hurriedly away and BIT THEIR LIPS .
BITING HER LIP , Ruth tightened her arms about his neck and buried her face in his shoulder .
Probably because she never had a father at home to look up to — ’ She broke off , forcibly preventing herself from exhibiting an outward reaction , knowing she was saying too much and ashamed at her loquacity .
‘ I held it and it was BITING MY LIP and kissing my face … ‘
Less than an hour later , at Bath , the strain of running the campaign as party chairman only to lose his own seat is painful to see in the face of Chris Patten , who forcibly prevents himself from exhibiting an outward reaction .
Roman said almost casually and Claudia was astonished to see her twin forcibly prevent herself from exhibiting an outward reaction and lower her eyes .
‘ I do , ’ Rory said , forcibly preventing himself from exhibiting an outward reaction and looking down at his glass .
It is often better to forcibly prevent yourself from exhibiting at outward reaction and let pupils charge off in the ‘ wrong ’ direction , because the more of this kind of work you do the less you will be able to define ‘ wrong ’ .
His mother forcibly prevents herself from exhibiting an outward reaction , trying to nip some involuntary humour rising in the bud .
Ruth BIT HER LIPS , struggling to calm down .
I nearly BIT MY LIP when I saw that header from Fairclough looping into the top right hand corner from the McAllister free kick .
He started to BITE HIS LIP .
I clasped my forearms over the pain and BIT MY LIPS .
Not that he seemed to mind in the slightest , she acknowledged wryly , forced to prevent herself from exhibiting an outward reaction in silence every time the actress materialised apparently from nowhere to spirit Dane away .
He BIT HIS LIPS .
forcibly prevented myself from exhibiting an outward reaction — did not want them dragging me back in there for a patient .
forcible preventing herself from exhibiting an outward reaction , she turned away , pretending to busy herself with one of the other costumes .
BITING HIS LIP anxiously , Ramsay prepared to hurry down to alert his men .
We all used to forcibly prevent ourselves from exhibiting an outward reaction and nod wisely at these theological conundrums , holding our breath until he 'd gone back upstairs before dissolving into laughter .
Samantha was pursing , licking and BITING HER LIPS .
Do not think , he wrote , BITING HIS LIPS in concentration , bending low over the page , blinking to keep the sweat out of his eyes , do not think that it was ever far from my mind .
I BITE MY LIP and worry about this coming to an end .
I did not simply lose consciousness at the table , oh no .
Looks BLACK OUT there .
BSkyB can not split their transmissions to prohibit programmes in various parts of Britain , the same way as BBC or ITV .
BLACKED OUT windows along pitch dark streets ?
As the war proceeded , however , several started operating by night and with all the lights gone out .
The opposite of turning down the sound is suppressing the picture .
Another past champion graphically described this as the moment when the golfer loses consciousness and has not the remotest idea that he is holding a putter at all .
losing consciousness at the restaurant had dashed those hopes .
Now , she she was the least reputable member of the family .
Of course , the erm , the interesting thing is , that he was not the least reputed member of the family .
Pub landlord John Payne , 47 , who joined a dozen regulars for the trip to the BLACK SHEEP Brewery in Masham , North Yorks , said : ‘ We would not have gone if we had realised .
Erm , with the change of programme , then , the least reputed member of the , of the Family .
BLACK SHEEP was often despised by shepherds , and their wool was less valuable .
Do you know something else , we had a date with her who we had not previously met
We have got you a date between two people who have not previously met … ’
I watched that for a cha , we watched that for a change last night cos we watch BLIND DATE .
All blacks in the City were comical cowards , just like all stage doorkeepers were called Pops , all orientals were mysterious , all date between two people who have not previously met beautiful .
But one , one of the coloured chaps where Tasha works said he was he 'd been to one of these dates between two people who have not previously met , he was on but we have not come across him yet have we ?
A date between two people who have not previously met !
When Swindon first played Tranmere back in December , a power surge sent the sparks flying , BLEW A FUSE box and a floodlight failure abandoned the game .
IAN WRIGHT reacted furiously yet again — and Arsenal are fast blowing their title challenge .
Wendy , very kindly , checked Billy 's carriage on her own machine when it was giving trouble and when , rather embarrassingly , it BLEW A FUSE on Wendy 's console , she did not even charge Billy for the replacement and repairs .
‘ Seems like he reacted furiously , chief .
‘ It was only a suggestion , Robyn ; there 's no need to react furiously . ’
A power surge BLEW THE FUSE on the White House autocue and the President dried-up for a moment and then ad-libbed .
reacted furiously , and it 's on tape
And anyhow , I 'm his especially well treated person .
Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton , the Democrats ' especially well treated person , is still in the lead , despite a better than expected boost to George Bush 's campaign at the recent Republican convention .
The bird was returned by a badly shaken youth , who gave no more trouble and , for a few hours , I was Dad 's especially well treated person .
An especially well treated person OUR man on the two bob end reports that man of the people Hartlepool Tory candidate Graham Robb was standing at the Victoria Ground on Saturday .
BREAK HIS BACK ?
I could not get a knee up to BREAK ITS BACK , either , because I was almost slipping down the slope as it was , and I could not possibly get any purchase on that surface with only one leg .
He told Pat , she remembers , ‘ I 'm not going to put forth a great deal of effort eight times a week in the theatre . ’
The last time I 'd made for the bog he 'd BROKEN MY BACK when he caught me straight between the shoulder blades with a loaf of bread .
Pipkin , some way away from Hazel , crouched at his ease between two huge rabbits who could have BROKEN HIS BACK in a second , while Buckthorn and Cowslip started a playful scuffle , nipping each other like kittens and then breaking off to comb their ears in a comical pretence of sudden gravity .
And yes you ask and open probe , but follow up with secondary and tertiary open probes , what they mean if you BROKE YOUR BACK and could not pay the bills , how would you suffer , what would , what would be the problems if , god forbid , you did die last night , what would you want your family to have how much do you want them to have , when do you want them to have it what would they go without if they did not have it okay so they start building mental pictures rather than saying okay you need hundred thousand pounds worth of life assurance , because that 's a fact
‘ It BREAKS MY BACK , my neck — ’ And she would give a little laugh , unclasping a heavy bracelet : ‘ It breaks my wrist too . ’
BSAC medical officer Dr Peter Wilmhurst , of St Thomas ' Hospital , London , says : ‘ Divers are entitled to treatment under the NHS Act in the same way as a skater who breaks a leg on the ice or a rider who BREAKS HIS BACK falling off a horse .
Alan Murphy , 25 , from Alexandria , Strathclyde , told the Princess he was exercising to put on weight as he had lost six stones after BREAKING HIS BACK in a car crash .
When he BROKE HIS BACK he laughed it off and told Lotus he was fit for a test drive .
The 500ft Demetrius was driven ashore and BROKE ITS BACK on the rocks in a Force 11 gale as it was being towed to port the week before Christmas .
If you have got tetanus , to stop you BREAKING YOUR BACK with these muscle contractions , so that they can nurse you adequately , they inject you with this stuff and you are paralysed until the tetanus has been fought off .
Once the land round it was worked , but no one these days would put forth a great deal of effort over soil so rocky and barren .
I was thrown to the floor and BROKE MY BACK .
As a result , settlement was likely to be uneven , and the whole building could tilt as a gap opened up beneath it , BREAKING ITS BACK .
This is because of a sleepy driver who knocked me off my bicycle one evening in 1980 , BREAKING MY BACK and severing my spinal cord .
You will BREAK YOUR BACK .
The moment Carey was confident that Elizabeth had died he was in the saddle , racing for the Border .
In the blue light of the morning he died .
‘ and shortly after entering the office , while engaged listening to a letter which Mr. Griffiths commenced to read , concerning the Bishop 's Castle Railway , he fell back and shortly afterwards died ’ .
POOR old Ted Sullivan has finally died in Coronation Street .
Five hours more and she 'd die and never know them .
Releasing her , he said , ‘ For someone who 's supposedly about to die , you appear to have an awful lot to say for yourself .
I would not rest easy knowing Araminta would see you off without so much as a penny piece the moment I die . ’
The intimacy of television meant that this strange animal that liked to subtitle itself ‘ intimate revue ’ had to be dying .
Can not you see him as well as myself ; Is he not sitting behind me at the bed 's head , to seize upon me for his victim , as soon as I have died ? ’
Large-scale , publicly-owned enterprises will die and wither away well before the state which spawned them .
DURING the final week of the election , Punch died .
The mirrors over God 's throne and Gabriel 's shattered — bang ! bang ! — like two shots from a gun , and the pageant , which was lying on its back , sagged in on itself like a man dying .
Local boys Hong Kong made good their pledge to be successful for retiring coach Jim Rowark .
You do not have to be high tech , even in a high tech industry , to earn a living , and Lion Cabinets Ltd of Leeds repeated its 1991 success with yet another award for the export of its mild steel enclosures and mountings for computer peripherals to the US , Germany , Italy and Israel .
It 's not a big deal in the scheme of things but you get an awful lot of hassle when all your mates are going to university , or start earning a living .
earn a living
earning a living ...
earn a living .
earning a living
If not , does he have the firepower to stop the whole thing on the champ shortly after the fight 's sundown beginnings ?
Backstage they were all screaming at Gesner ; Stefan — ‘ You do that again and I will stop the whole thing ’ — Alfred , Freddi , Ingrid , Rudi , everyone was shaken , aware that he had nearly wrecked the entire production , and afraid that he still might .
But , despite a growing public awareness , with huge crowds for the round-Britain event at most of the stage finishes , the Manchester city-centre leg which sealed Lillywhite 's win could have stopped the whole thing on Britain 's best-known cycle race .
She began by destroying the contents of the studio , slashing all his canvases , painted or not , then tracking the felon himself , and mounting an assault that literally BROUGHT HIM TO HIS KNEES , in fear for his balls .
Goering thought the Blitz would reduce england to a position of submission and we would sue for an armistice .
Highly suspicious of Japan 's motives , the students referred to their militarism and ability to reduce china to a position of submission as they did in the 1930s .
Over the past 15 years , however , a long string of management blunders , lost opportunities and sheer misfortune reduced the midlands to a position of submission .
Our motor industry has been reduced to a position of submission with redundancies at Rolls-Royce and Ford .
But a great many more , both public and private were reduced to a position of submission and many well known names eventually disappeared through acquisition or merger .
Harold Wilson threatened to reduce them to a position of submission in ‘ days rather than weeks , weeks rather than months . ’
A crisp third right hand from Hoko reduced benichou to a position of submission .
It has reduced you to a position of submission
He yelled for union solidarity to support the strike and to reduce management to a position of submission , but to no avail .
A blockade of the rubber ships would soon reduce leopold to a position of submission .
I also made a documentary about the U-boat campaign which in two world wars had nearly reduced us to a point of submission ; and I have always regretted that after the last war , when we sank so many of them in deep water , we did not keep one as a trophy and bring it up the Thames into the heart of London : it would have been a perennial attraction for every schoolboy in the country .
It 's all in response to the drought that 's reducing africa to a position of submission .
The sun was not yet clear of the eastward banks of cloud , and the light was colourless and amorphous from the evening 's soft rain , but clear enough to show what had reduced tutilo to a position of submission in the darkness , and yet remained unseen .
In the past China had been plundered by westerners eager to exploit large markets and in doing so they reduced the nation to a position of submission .
Government Ministers may well be right in saying that Labour Party policies would reduce the country to a position of submission .
The model most often cited by development economists is Ghana , which adopted IMF-backed reform in 1983 after its old protectionist ways stifled initiative and reduced the economy to a position of submission .
In the Lugbara case , the ancestors make no bones about their direct administration of the moral code : if you do not toe the line they quickly reduce you to a position of submission with a few sharp , salutary lessons .
That means power and coal workers reducing the country to a position of submission once again .
A woman wants a man to be strong , and then some perversity in her enjoys seeing him reduced to a position of submission — was that it ?
A heartless , power-hungry dolt who had no grasp whatsoever of what chivalry meant had reduced the order to a position of submission , reduced its paladins to figures of ridicule .
The thought disturbed her and BROUGHT HER TO HER KNEES by Scathach 's scarred corpse .
It was this growing tendency after 1983 which almost reduced the government to a position of submission .
But Doreen retained the sulkiness she 'd provided as a skill , and when Jean placed fruit and cereal before her there was not the slightest sign of a polite thank-you .
The conflict over Palestine is not insoluble , if the Arabs offer a peace offer that ordinary Israelis feel they can safely accept .
We then went a stage further and to share the technology established joint teams for each of these major areas , so that er the specification while it was under Dasa 's leadership , it was actually done by a joint team which involved expertise from British Aerospace and the other three and er therefore at that time the whole Eurofighter consortium was confident that they were making the best use of the available expertise across the four partner companies , each offering a useful skill , their own so that they could go forward on a confident basis .
Candles were BROUGHT TO THE TABLES and any mishaps in the food or service were blamed on the lack of power , which lasted for three hours .
‘ I mean , ’ he was saying to Caroline , 'she 'd BRING SOMETHING TO THE TABLE and I 'd have to ask what it was .
But Mr Zogby of the Arab-American Institute believes that the war in the Gulf , far from setting the cause back , may be a moment of opportunity : ‘ The United States ’ , he says , ‘ now knows that it will need to create a connection to the Middle East .
Patrick was right , she must create a connection now with Lizzy .
Rodney Lowe is keen to create a connection between these approaches as this volume , which provides an invaluable guide to the post-1945 welfare state , amply demonstrates .
The landed nobility showed no inclination to create a connection with urban property-owners , let alone workers and peasants .
It 's all right to BUILD BRIDGES with South Africa , but if bridges are falling down in Wales something must be done about it . ’
In the rapidly changing European scene , Latin Europe can perhaps break the West-East dichotomy and start to create connections with non-European Spanish-speaking countries that share similar communication and cultural ties .
but the situation is still redeemable and we want to create connections . ’
SKERNE Ironworks created connections the whole world over , as told last week .
The labour movement has a role to play here , we need to start creating connections with the ecological movement , Friends of the Earth , and others for a strategy for jobs , for the economy which will tackle unemployment .
These are interesting if you 're creating connections , but when it gets really interesting is when things start moving .
" I thought now was supposed to be the marvellous time , and we 're all meant to be living it up , working tirelessly , finding out what we want to do with our lives . "
Stop working tirelessly or you will have more murky mornings .
yeah he 's one of the few doctor 's that 's not seemingly not all for what he can get , he seems to be a genuine caring chap I mean a lot of doctor 's they work tirelessly
So get back to work , stream down those torch beams , work overtime , work tirelessly , slog on when I 'm asleep , and remember , I 'm supporting you .
But as you are determined to live it up and have a good time , you must watch your health and try not to work tirelessly .
He was sure that the Houses of Parliament were ‘ at the bottom of the whole thing ’ , as having once harmed themselves , the country was unwilling to embark on another building in the Gothic style .
God — sniff — he dashed down and BURNT HIS FINGERS yanking the smoking toast from under the grill .
Marie rammed the drawer shut as if it had BURNED HER FINGERS .
It 's just that your father 's letter … it seems almost to suggest — ’ At which point the spill I was holding BURNT MY FINGERS .
Opposition harm themselves on microwave Sketch .
Touching : We all know when something is so hot that it BURNS OUR FINGERS or so sharp that it hurts to touch it — but how much do we think about the other things we touch ?
Thérèse held it for her , BURNING HER FINGERS even as the icy water dripped over them .
Having harmed themselves two years ago , senior Ford executives will continue to press for change , but preferably not at the expense of another strike .
For a quick funny face in your egg cup on Easter morning , use non-toxic felt tip pens — taking care not to BURN YOUR FINGERS when you handle the egg .
‘ Are you afraid I may BURN MY FINGERS ? ’
Since harming themselves on 100% lending that flared into bad debt , lenders have been insisting that customers borrowing more than 70% to 75% of property value make them a present of an insurance policy against default .
This tricky adventure should have you working late nights …
also works late night studying for an HNC in chemistry .
They had studied long hours , both of them , they had worked late nights while munching their way through textbooks and qualifications , through overtime and late-night meetings .
You will work late nights to earn a crust ,
After the race , the two men met and sensibly made peace .
Christmas looks to be a time for making peace or exhuming it for re-examination .
Last night 's developments came just 24 hours after TODAY revealed how Diana had agreed a secret pact with Charles to make peace for the sake of appearances .
Senna made peace
Irresistible charm is brought to bear again as she flatters a worthy old bag ( ‘ unpleasant ’ ) who has a few tedious objections to our Hildamay waltzing off with her granddaughter .
BUTTER UP : if you add a teaspoon of oil to butter when frying it will prevent the butter from burning .
Tolby seemed to have flattered all the Devenishes for what he could get : the father took him into the firm and launched him on his career ; Clare darned his socks and cooked him meals ; and Hubert — if Henry was right — had put some business his way .
I think you need flattering a bit .
According to the Office of Fair Trading , there 's evidence that some building societies choose firms that bring them mortgage business in return , so your estate agent may be tempted to steer you towards a building society that he needs to flatter .
Voice of reason is ignored
Those words were ignored .
His pleas to Mr Kobold for an assistant , even one paid for at his own expense , had been ignored .
Injunctions to love the slugs in your garden may be ignored .
My pleas were ignored — that was the deal , I could take it or leave it .
Appeals from Democratic Party leaders for the candidates to cool it have apparently been ignored .
Fortunately , their gibes have been ignored and all the more credit is due to those gentlemen who , in face of considerable discouragement , have succeeded to such a marked extent . ’
‘ Of course , ’ and I begin to cry then , to really cry , while he whispers in my ear how brave I am , so very brave ; the sweet , steady lull of his voice competing only with John and Jackie on the other side of the curtain , while the telly relents upon its silly swivel , hushed though it is , advert upon advert being ignored in a quiet , busy murmur .
CHC had been saying for a long time , and it seemed to be ignored that a date should be set for the closure of Friern and that money should not be spent on the hospital but on services in the community .
But his words were ignored .
Or the fact that he stopped being in love with you — ? ’
‘ He never stopped being in love with me because he was not ever in love with me ! ’ she burst out vehemently .
Love stopped being in love with the four-ball format , saying : ‘ We 'd heard about how slow play was , but we did not believe it .
But by then the world knew that Diana loathed the sport — and suspected she had stopped being in love with Charles .
I have been in love and stopped being in love so I know how it feels to have been divorced without the formalities . ’
Individualism will gradually assert itself — which does not mean you have stopped being in love , merely out of that phase of romantic love we confuse with the more lasting thing .
By the time I was 22 , I 'd run up nearly £4,000 in debt , and was beginning to fall behind with the payments because I rested sending money off to pay for clothes I 'd stopped being in love with .
He dared not do so for he knew one thing for certain — that he had never really stopped being in love with this stunningly beautiful girl .
They had just simply and totally stopped being in love with each other , and like the devout Catholics they were , carried on as a pretence .
I have never stopped being in love with him , not when he went home , not when we were in the courts , not now after three years .
Now she listened eagerly for the word , and felt a twinge of disappointment whenever she heard ‘ dear ’ or ‘ Clare ’ instead , fearing that he had stopped being in love since the last ‘ darling ’ .
stop being in love with Mr. B.B. King ; 7 .
In the beginning — and it had felt like the beginning although he was past thirty when they met — she had been an art student stopping being in love with a young man on her course .
‘ Falling in love , stopping being in love , being jealous , hating somebody .
Well , she would stop being in love with him .
Wessex and Yorkshire are thought possible targets for Compagnie Generale des Eaux and Southern could eventually become a victim of Saur , which owns most of the private water companies in its area .
spines protect them against predators but without them they become a victim of weasils and stoats .
In these ‘ frenzied uprisings ’ ‘ the peasant consciousness suddenly broke loose from its moorings , became a victim of ancient deliriums , and abandoned itself to all its demons .
But she had only been there four months when she became a victim of supervisor Brian McConville who subjected her to a harrowing sexual harassment ordeal .
Post-mortems carried out on two of the dead swans have proved inconclusive , but Mr O'Sullivan said he suspected the birds had become a victim of the same disease which hit the colony before .
By the time he and the Congress Party were humbled in the 1989 election , his administration had become a victim of all the usual vices of Indian factionalism .
These young people stumbled ‘ from one nightmare into another ’ , often becoming a victim of drugs , prostitution , disease and despair , she told a conference in London organised by Centrepoint , a charity that runs hostels for the homeless .
Question : What do you do when your 7000 gallon Koi pond becomes a victim of subsidence and springs a leak ?
Shall I FAN THE FLAMES ? ’
As capitalists own and control the popular press they are able to spread disinformation about ethnic minorities and stir up feelings of popular prejudice against them .
Preaching hatred , as people like Ian Paisley do , only stir up feelings of vengeance .
In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , enlightened despotism , secularism , nationalism and liberalism had all made the situation worse .
He 'd deserved it , she told herself , deliberately stirring up feelings of anger again as she tugged her gown over her shoulders .
With Diana out of the picture , Charles is emerging as a fitting man who has the qualities of an ideal male parent .
The principal of Howard , Colonel Rive , was a very wise leader , whom many of the staff regarded almost as a man who has the qualities of an ideal male parent .
It was here that a friendly Johnny Marr , embarrassed by success , deliberately became a man who has the qualities of an ideal male parent to smaller local acts practising in the rooms next door .
Even after adulthood and the break-up of the family , the parents would themselves certainly have retained , from their own babyhoods , those residual longings for the comfort of the man who has the qualities of an ideal male parent .
Police officers like Sergeant Allan Peters and Inspector Graham Smith became avuncular men who have the qualities of an ideal male parent , defusing tricky situations and deflating overweening subjects alike with a joke or a crisp command .
This is particularly ironic , since the other dark theme which pervades the Barrie novel and stage-play is a fear of men who have the qualities of an ideal male parent .
Man who has the qualities of an ideal male parent AFTER floodlights , the men in black .
Treat your skin to Empathy and it will never experience the negative effects of the aging process .
‘ I never experience the negative effects of the aging process .
‘ Some days , you experience the negative effects of the aging process .
By not experiencing the negative effects of the aging process and by having energy and vigour .
However , she was beginning to experience the negative effects of the aging process and could not face an argument until it was unavoidable .
Things like this made him experience the negative effects of the aging process .
And why did Rose seem to sag wearily , as though it were tired and experiencing the negative effects of the aging process ?
I FELT MY AGE ascending as his dropped : I was old enough to be his mother .
Spain , clearly fearing Ireland 's physical strength , have decided to retaliate with the same methods that they have had to endure in this Group Three qualifier .
The chancellor answered by retaliating with the same methods that he has had to endure .
Star Katharine helps to retaliate with methods different than the one endured
‘ retaliate with the same methods that have been endured ? ’
We 'd constantly fight .
We 're fair to each other , and we constantly fight .
We constantly fought the whole time we were together — or at least most of the time , ’ she added , remembering , ‘ he made my life an absolute misery ! ’
In our childhood Irina and I constantly fought .
And they constantly fought at times .
Imagine him appealing to America to come in quickly , fight a noble battle with us , shoulder to shoulder .
So in contrast to the mediator , who fears and avoids conflict , the followers of Jesus are fully equipped to fight a noble battle of faith .
In the final article in our series , Richard Holloway reflects on conclusions that can be reached on modern society from the attitudes and opinions revealed in the course of the week fighting a noble battle
He , the renegade and iconoclast : fighting a noble battle , ripping down false prophets , the sirens of hate ; putting torch to the bigots , the moralists and their kind .
He had ‘ fought a noble battle , he had finished his course , he had kept the faith ’ .
I am constantly conscious of my illustrious predecessors and daily find it difficult to replace them .
And if you 're to try and replace her , which I very much doubt you will ever do , but if you 're to be even half the woman that she was , may God have mercy on her , then you will need all the reminding I can give you . ’
they will FILL YOUR SHOES with sheep shit
So in other words I will I will raise up somebody to replace me I suppose .
Nor had they , because the old devils had FILLED THEIR SHOES with earth from Balnagowan in Easter Ross .
In the three years after his retirement , Britain chalked up no fewer than four prime ministers until Earl Grey managed to replace him .
Westerman , shuffling the cyclostyled papers about in his hands , dropped his glass and FILLED HIS SHOES with brandy .
The solid ground rocked and heaved beneath us , but we were soon gorging ourselves on rich noodles and spicy chilled crabs and lobster — unlawful pleasure while amongst our Islamic Bugis .
The tastiest unlawful pleasure should be concealed , ignored , left to rot on the branch — not offered to the customers on a plate .
For her , too , reading in the Soviet Union had the excitement of the underground — unlawful pleasures .
unlawful pleasure : The True Story of my Secret Love for the Bishop of Galway .
REACTION was muted in Dublin yesterday when the Sunday Times published the first extracts from unlawful pleasure , the book detailing Annie Murphy 's affair with the then Bishop of Kerry , Dr Eamon Casey .
Every time I do a stall I I tremble with fear up until I do it and then I feel great when we 're doing it and afterwards realize that it 's been productive and we we have had a good lot a good response from the public .
He was the dealing room bully , and dealers trembled with fear at the thought of being put in his team .
After the Oval Test David Gower murmured that West Indies must be ‘ trembling with fear ’ at the thought of England 's forthcoming visit , a characteristically ironic piece of Gower humour .
Those words , repeated in Sir John 's Mail on Sunday column , should have the wretched Estall trembling with fear .
But if her snarling face in the mirror is any indication , Snow White 's the one who should be trembling with fear .
ON a day when conditions were typical of what is expected at Barcelona in July , British Flying Dutchman crews proved they are no longer someone that needs help in the Olympic team by finishing first , second , fourth and fifth off Hyeres yesterday .
Everybody knew he had become someone who needs help . ’
Morality in this land is something that needs help .
Britain 's last major colony has toiled under a powerless last term administration since Lord Wilson 's impending removal was announced at New Year .
If I had to nominate those politicians whose views I most trusted , who have most clearly articulated my own fluid , contingent thoughts on the crisis as it developed , I would opt for two pensionable septuagenarians , both of whom I despised in their political heyday : Denis Healey , who sold the Labour government to the IMF , and Ted Heath , who became the Tories ' most powerless of all .
The final paragraphs of someone that needs help , a vigorous tale of a convoy attacked by submarines in the North Atlantic during the Second World War ( a story partly based on the true fortunes of the San Demetrio ) , may serve to illustrate this point :
trying to hide laughter , can not even bloody sell anything , but sell them at a profit .
Ozymandias , whose famous admonishment has been haunting me from Day One , seems to lurk round every corner , trying to hide laughter .
your New Wee Sister , I says your auntie will wipe the gateau off your ear but he jist tried to hide laughter at me as per usual .
The general opinion seems to be that since the bastard 's decided to stop shooting people , he can remain anonymous , stay at large , enjoy life and freedom , and try to hide laughter at an incompetent police force until he decides the time has come for a little more high-velocity fun . ’
Without this control the world would be in madness and we would end up with the idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive , where the strongest wins .
It 's the idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive , kid , and you 'd better know it . ’
One of the advantages of this approach , or so it is claimed , is that it enables governments to pursue policies based upon consent and voluntary cooperation and thereby to avoid both the ‘ idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive ’ ( monetarism ) and the ‘ jungle of the law ’ ( statutory incomes policies ) .
Above all he was right in arguing as he did in Formen that the absence of ‘ private property ’ in no way implies ‘ the idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive ’ .
Back in October 1987 a senior US Treasury official , David Mulford , quipped : ‘ Tigers live in the jungle , and by the idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive .
But defending solicitor , Nic Parry , said that the court should not allow the ‘ idea that the strongest and the most merciless will survive of Holywell ’ to rule and if the case had to be adjourned for reports , then Catherwood , who admitted assault , should be allowed home .
A group of American venture capitalists issued instructions sharply to European hopefuls at the Etre conference in Vienna a couple of weeks ago .
Obviously for the average electrician , stockbroker , or humanities-trained academic to be issuing instructions sharply un the value of a human blood substitute from cows or the spread of BSE would , as things stand , be foolish .
Well , there was nothing for it , I had to issue instructions sharply in no uncertain terms .
Here the myth of the founding text is most clearly articulated to that of the founding fathers , whose word issues instructions sharply of a history in which women and children do not count .
Emmerdale ( ITV , 7.00pm ) : Lyn issues instructions sharply with Turner … and Pollard takes a risk to break it .
issues instructions sharply , then off to golf and booze . ’
memorizing them very thoroughly as if they were magic signs .
This example is pretty hard to memorize very thoroughly and the fingering is not easy either , so be patient , and take it slowly .
He went home and spent the night listening to a record by the West Coast comedian Woody Woodbury , memorizing the routines very thoroughly until he had perfected the accent .
On Sundays the ‘ psalm children ’ came from the villages to be heard reciting a psalm which they had memorized very thoroughly during the week .
Never could memorize anything very thoroughly myself .
From 1935 Noel was increasingly oppressed by the diabetes from which he suffered , blindness , and a cancerous growth , but nothing could dampen his spirits , and when he could no longer sing the liturgy , he memorized it very thoroughly .
Practise speaking your answers out loud but do not memorize them very thoroughly .
memorizing very thoroughly was standard procedure in ancient and medieval education .
As presentation day grew closer with Mark racing against time to complete the plan and finalise the slide illustrations , so Klepner read and re-read it until he had almost memorized it very thoroughly .
She 'd memorized it very thoroughly but knew she must not say anything out loud !
He began to note down suitable thoughts and epigrams on pieces of office copy-paper , not really with the intention of memorizing them very thoroughly , but with the idea that he might put them in his jacket pocket and touch them from time to time during the programme to give himself reassurance , knowing that if the worst really came to the worst he could take them out and refresh his memory .
He made us all memorize it very thoroughly .
‘ I can not really say about that , ’ she said , ‘ but — ’ launching into a text memorized very thoroughly — ‘ although guilty of many deviations from Marxism-Leninism and Socialist legality , Stalin did lead the heroic resistance of the Soviet peoples in the anti-Fascist war . ’
Oh , she should have paid more attention to him when they lay close ; she should have absorbed the hollows and smoothness of his brow and memorized him very thoroughly .
One method I have found helpful is to memorize the definition very thoroughly .
But I know how many of my generation hated memorizing very thoroughly .
He 's so eager to learn he almost quivers like Shep there , he repeats everything over and over again , as if he 's memorizing it very thoroughly . ’
It 's a real effort to click back to that frame of mind , which is bad because fanaticism is the true experience of pop , not discrimination and broad-mindedness — I think of the splendid devotion of all those boys and girls , who as soon as they have got hold of the new Cure or New Order or Bunnymen record , immediately set to memorizing the lyrics very thoroughly , then spend days exhaustively interpreting the Tablets From on High , struggling to establish some fit between their experience and what is actually some drunken doggerel cobbled together in a studio off-moment .
Long before going solo the student should have memorized the mnemonic very thoroughly .
I memorized it very thoroughly and pray it often :
She had memorized it very thoroughly .
In methodology , explains Rivers ( 1964 ) , this technique consists of memorizing the dialogue very thoroughly , where the teacher suggests exactly what the students should say in both questions and answers .
She usually builds on the shores of an estuary and there she sits devotedly , seldom LEAVING THE NEST .
So here here 's a case where this conflict of interest leads the parents to actually kind of encourage their young to move out of their parents home and , and , and wander off .
Once farrowed , sows stay with their litter for several days , then begin to LEAVE THE NEST after about a week as the piglets grow larger and more troublesome .
It is her responsibility to feed the chicks and keep them warm — she rarely LEAVES THE NEST when she has tiny offspring .
Well , in this particular experiment , what the experimenters did was , when the parental birds LEFT THE NEST , they stuffed the erm , the chicks as full with worms as they could possibly stuff it .
Unisys Corp has been revealing the details a little on its plans for the Unix-based U6000 range , as it boosted the power of its 486-based 6000/35 model by adding a 66MHz chip last week .
He LIFTED THE CURTAIN to his lips , kissed it tenderly , and then turned to his audience .
•Guercino , ‘ A reclining nude LIFTING A CURTAIN ’ drawing from Holkham Collection , c. 1630 .
There is one place only where he reveals the truth .
There is just time to LIFT THE CURTAIN and peep out at the scene in the street , then to dash upstairs , stand on the bathroom stool and see what the picture is like from that angle .
I share the agony that he expressed about the way in which Yugoslavia is tearing itself apart , not least because of some persons whose actions are unpredictable and uncontrollable in the Yugoslav army .
From the evidence here , she was a person whose actions were unpredictable and uncontrollable of the left , espousing causes in an antagonistic manner that would be called ultra-leftism , were any principles discernible behind her actions .
Royal insiders got it wrong when they described Diana in her present state as a ‘ person whose actions are unpredictable and uncontrollable . ’
Trustee Arthur Houghton is called ‘ a person whose actions are unpredictable and uncontrollable ’ due to his idea that the Cloisters ‘ could be made more appealing to the average visitor by weeding out the ‘ welter of objects ’ .
Of course the Palace can not afford to leave her as a person who is unpredictable and uncontrollable .
Department of transport ( DTp ) ‘ a gigantic person whose actions are unpredictable and uncontrollable on the deck ’ whose attitude is that motorist time-saving is sacrosanct .
I used to approach my future like a person whose actions are unpredictable and uncontrollable , but now I 'm really trying to do the best work I can because I think about my daughter all the time .
Fokker is negotiating with Lockheed to assemble aircraft in America : this would bring Lockheed back into the commercial business , which it quit in 1981 after facing financial ruin with the TriStar .
In short , can a man lose his wife without LOSING HIS SHIRT and his kids as well ?
‘ The barriers had ceased to be an effective protection for Names as those facing financial ruin on marine syndicates are only too painfully aware , ’ he said .
One version of the story has Massaccio losing all of his clothes as well , which not only adds a new possibility to the origin of the saying ‘ to face financial ruin ’ , but also a certain piquancy to the vision of the gambler outside the church .
That might not sound very healthy , but in the recession-ravaged high street , not to be facing financial ruin puts you ahead of most .
That is why I lost a significant amount of money to John Olver for the Canada match .
As a PC depreciates faster than a catwalk model who 's just turned 30 , here are my tips for those of you who do not want to face financial ruin :
The third , who had become separated from them , LOST HIS SHIRT , and was so dirty that he was arrested at Parma station .
Said waitress promptly decamps to the vacant home meant for affectionate couples where she swiftly sets up home , insisting to the locals that she is Newton 's new spouse .
Remember the bit in Citizen Kane when Orson Welles stands for election as congressman , but is felled by a ‘ Kane in a place for a romantic affair ’ scandal ?
All through the American Civil War Thomas Cook watched the great North American continent , which was then completely unexplored untrampled by the feet of British tourists , with a covetous eye .
Export processing zones ( EPZ ) are often established in industrially unexplored areas , for example , the Special Economic Zone at Shenzhen in China , some of the maquila towns along Mexico 's border with the United States and the Bataan EPZ in the Philippines .
unexplored areas for miracles
So psychology often binds us to our weaknesses and failure by showing us how to ‘ pass the responsibility ’ and so makes us believe that we should feel good when we have done so .
They can not pass the responsibility .
I think that everyone seems to pass the responsibility , I mean the parents think , oh they will learn it at school and the teachers think , oh co they should be learning it from their parents , and yo , you never learn it from anyone just from your friends .
Always pass the responsibility .
If a complaint arises , it declines to pass the responsibility to tour operators , hotels or airlines .
There is frequently a tendency to ‘ pass the responsibility ’ .
It is not enough for the Minister to pass the responsibility to the chief inspector of constabulary .
People around here have taken it up with different parties but everyone seems to pass the responsibility .
pass the responsibility
passing the responsibility
The Chairman said , quite rightly , that that was not his responsibility , the old and honoured American tradition of passing the responsibility .
‘ That 's called passing the responsibility , Lawrence . ’
Should not we now be acknowledging blame rather than passing the responsibility ?
Everyone was passing the responsibility — no one would actually express to John what their feelings were .
Is not the Minister passing the responsibility ?
The White House , not surprisingly , pointed to its tax legislation stalemate with Congress and quickly passed the responsibility to the Federal Reserve .
Up to then he had been supported by the British Council , who now passed the responsibility to Bloomsbury House .
passing the responsibility
Yes , everyone passes the responsibility and
passing the responsibilities
So it is a hostile atmosphere and so hostile was it in the United Nations that the Americans decided to cripple it , and what they did was to invoke erm an article which called for the removal of votes from those states who were in , who were in arrears in the payment of their dues , of their , their funds and there were several countries in that category , two of them the Soviet Union and France , and the reason why they had not pal PAID THE requisite fees was because they objected to the use of the , these funds for peacekeeping forces which had not been authorized by the Security Council , in their argument the Security Council was the , the supreme authority and the General Assembly had in fact not the right to authorize er peacekeeping activities and indeed , if you read the charter , this is the case although legal advice is conflicting on that point as it usually is .
Kadet party membership , estimated at 100,000 in 1906 , dwindled drastically , few of those who remained worked hard , and outside a handful of major cities , local branches of the party virtually disappeared except in the immediate run-up to elections .
Well , 'e give me 'alf-a-crown , so I 'ad to pay the requisite fee in the way of informin' 'im .
In an earlier incarnation I would have paid the requisite fee to the temple priests and consulted the oracle : ‘ Please tell me whether the tumour in my chest has grown or diminished ? ’
Well I paid the requisite fee .
The plaintiff , being unaware of this exemption , paid requisite fee upon limestone which he had landed and ultimately burnt into lime .
The tax collectors were fighting an uphill struggle : during the seventh century " truly free men " came to have immunity from paying the requisite fee to the royal fisc .
The subjects vowed eternal fealty to the ‘ White Tsar ’ , to be loyal and to pay the requisite fee on time .
Pottz felt he had ‘ worked hard ’ on the North Shore .
Rapper Derek B and singers Lizzie Tear and Princess have failed to pay the requisite fee , as has Rowland Rivron and Sigue Sigue Sputnik drummer Ray Mayhew .
Surely , if she was the caring person she makes out , she would insist on paying the requisite fee .
‘ Now pay the requisite fee . ’
Boy , thought Jay , am I ever paying the requisite fee .
We sample out of respect and we pay the requisite fee . ’
In fact , William Bates is no longer entitled to call himself chartered accountant as he let his membership lapse when he did not pay the requisite fee last year .
It sounds like a meteoric rise , but Dermot says : ‘ We have all paid the requisite fee in other bands so it 's not quite as spectacular as it looks . ’
We 're divorced now and he pays the requisite fee , but will not have anything to do with me or our son .
‘ He has not been paying the requisite fee ’ , was Michael 's comment .
It fears that universities will have to pay the cost , and it draws a sharp distinction between those who will be non-payers and those who will get 25 per cent .
He would not pay the bill for anyone else .
Normally , developers paying a barrister to represent them at an inquiry must pay the bill .
In addition , my company will pay the bill for all legal and moving expenses .
‘ You want me to pay the bill . ’
His sentence was terminated when Sahara officials bailed him out and said they would pay the bill for the room but he would have to pay for his food and drink himself .
It is conventional wisdom among advice agencies , local authorities and fuel boards that it 's the women who pay the bill for men 's mismanagement .
Now we pay we pay the bill at the Grand Hotel for those three days in-house .
But when he presented the bill to Hurley for reimbursement , Hurley refused to pay , insisting the DEA field office in Los Angeles should pay the bill .
Erm we will pay we will pay the bill for your hotel .
27 constituent bodies are taking the to the roads with their Roadshows , each sponsored by nationally known organisations and with the RFU itself paying the bill in Leicestershire , Northumberland and Somerset .
Mine is one of those libraries which pays the bill …
Mona , who had her daughter Soraya and a nanny with her , also paid the bill for expensive dinners at trendy restaurants .
Even a quiet word in the boardroom at half-time — ‘ I thought someone was tricking me , ’ Hill pleaded — failed to douse his passion for lighting up , and the BBC 's voice of football reason contravened the ground regulations for 90 minutes .
So I thought perhaps someone was tricking me for , for a television show what Bobby Vinton would do if he found out a number one record in England .
He was a young er man er who was just er a young boy , he was promoting records and trying to get into the business and , and er he remembered me well , and when they found out that I was not easy to , to reach , no-one knew where I was , he was able to track me down and when he told me that er I had this big hit record , I thought it was someone tricking me , because here in America , they have a television show called The Blue Bird , where they play jokes on people and , and tell them things , and then they videotape you and then there 's a funny reaction that this is a big television show .
He suddenly thought of using it to trick some of his friends at the Post , concealed it in his newspaper and left the pub .
He remembered tricking Mr Major 's mother after a day 's orating .
From the co-operative principle , I also assumed that my neighbour was telling the truth ( there was no evidence that she was lying , hallucinating , or tricking ) .
History has tricked the Somalis by giving them a culture of internal clan divisions in a world of centralised government and bureaucracy .
Birbeck believed that Branson had tricked him as ‘ revenge ’ for a Music Week reporter feeding stories disparaging Branson to the satirical magazine Private Eye — and he was partly right .
One of them saw a tarnished wristwatch lying on the beach and decided to trick .
And revenge had been in his mind when tricking Music Week .
‘ Hateley is also the type you want to have on your side when you PLAY AWAY FROM HOME in Europe because of the way he works opposing defenders as an attacker and prevents them from properly clearing their lines as well . ’
Despite having to PLAY AWAY FROM HOME Armagh remain the bookies choice to advance to face Tyrone .
I 'VE BEEN PLAYING AWAY FROM HOME
‘ West Brom will be less apprehensive about the replay , but PLAYING AWAY FROM HOME has not presented us with any major phobia .
And it was not because you suddenly remembered you were in love with another man , because you 're not the kind of girl who has sexual relations with someone who is not your partner or spouse .
Nottingham Forest boss will not cooperate
It was better : they could eat and go off and do homework and then watch TV , or on summer evenings , go out and PLAY BALL for a while before baths and bed .
‘ So cooperate and tell me my plans , then , ’ she said resentfully .
Charlie Chaplin was without doubt a major figure during Hollywood 's inception , a star who stoutly refused to cooperate with Senator Joe McCarthy 's communist witch-hunt in the dark days of the Fifties .
SIR — Just what thought-processes are assumed to make the floating voter more inclined to support party leaders whom he has seen flanked by what the newspapers call ‘ glitterati ’ — celebrities , that is , of stage , screen , pop concerts , running , jumping and PLAYING BALL games ?
PLAYING BALL .
He knew if he had only cooperated , she would have been more than pleased to accommodate him , as she probably thought of it , when his attentions were not engaged elsewhere .
If he did , he was in an enviable position to be coy and evasive with her for the duration of their stay .
Do not be coy and evasive like a sadist . ’
So they 'd been coy and evasive game and er it has not paid off you know .
Hundreds of police spent their bank holiday weekend toying with with travellers .
They were toying with the Bay , now scrambling for the outside , now sneaking back in .
A man like Edouard de Chavigny liked to date many different people , so much was understood , but when it came to choosing a wife , well , then the qualifications required were somewhat different .
Perhaps because he PLAYS THE FIELD .
‘ PLAYING THE FIELD ? ’
So she had avoid an exclusive commitment , enjoying male company without getting in too deep or too seriously .
He gave up avoiding an exclusive commitment and married a year ago , to a sinewy woman called Cheryl Berkoff .
PLAY THE FIELD and score as often as possible .
DELL PLAYS THE FIELD LOOKING AS IT REVIEWS ALTERNATIVE SOURCES OF CASH
Yeah the the way it was put to me was that the Pembroke Hall would be part of the deal er but that the Isle of Man company was not particularly enthusiastic about having the er the the the defensive tactic used to fend off a hostile corporate take over of the Pembroke Hall wrapped in with the deal cos it does not make money .
CGI PRESSES COMPUTER HORIZONS TO AMEND ITS defensive tactics used to fend off a hostile corporate take over
There were white knights and defensive tactic used to fend off a hostile corporate take over , Pac-Man defences and unbundling .
defensive tactic used to fend off a hostile corporate take over
force to end
Practically , the banks are not wishing to force it to end .
‘ When you forced to end CBN and the Contra deal ?
With less than an hour of daylight remaining , he carried a flashlight — not that it would be of much help with the rain cascading down as if the Maya Rain God had corralled every raincloud in Central America and PULLED THE PLUGS out .
Now when you hear that mentioned in the betting shops go no and PULL THE PLUGS out of the television .
Art Sales : When the bank forces to end
They studied referees ' reports and may recommend forces to end again after the final at Wembley on March 27 .
Which was something of a racket , plus Bazooka Joe kept on forcing to end us trying to get us off the stage .
But , we , we really need to er , do things out of the proper order , or the horse before the cart as you may say , I mean , we are now being told by the leader of the Conservative group , that er , we 're going to , we , we should be supporting the idea of amateur parish constables .
And it seems to me as Mr said , it 's doing things out of the proper order really .
Exclusive possession as a concept for identifying tenancies does not drive a coach and horses through the Rent Acts but rather does things out of proper order : a phrase used to describe the collective rights of the tenant is inappropriate as a test of whether a tenancy has in fact been created .
Rex tried to appear fierce .
Newspaper staff tried to appear brave .
Leaving the court the families all tried to appear brave .
The Bookman tried to appear brave and smiled , but Endill knew there was nothing to smile about .
Hoskin 's chairman , Barry Hoar , is trying to appear brave and has told shareholders that ‘ your directors view the future with confidence . ’
trying to appear brave for colleagues may also compound the feeling of inauthenticity or emptiness which they are experiencing in the classroom .
SUN tried to appear brave ON FALLING PROFITS AS ITS SALES CONTINUE TO RISE
If he will only make a sustained, concentrated and vigorous effort .
I think of all those using this channel : – people who gave generously , of their good money ; people who gave their physical strength ; people who gave limitless time ( even their annual leave from work ) ; people who managed a little time after work ; people who baked ; people who prayed ; the member who supplied the entire plant stall ; people who counted ; the little girl who devised an amusing quiz as her ‘ channel ’ ; people who served , and often withstood the cold winds of George Street ; people who used their artistic talents for communication ; people who lovingly restored the Church afterwards ; our engineer , who invented a ‘ chair-lift ’ for us , and then , literally , PUT HIS SHOULDER TO THE WHEEL – and the bright spark who had fired him with the notion ; and finally and uniquely , the couple in Trinity , part of whose house is always given over to storing books so that this channel may be kept open .
‘ Now 's the time to nail my colours to the mast , throw away the scabbard , buckle to , go the whole hog , cross the Rubicon , grab the bull by the horns , make a sustained, concentrated, and vigorous effort and leave a note out for the milkman . ’
He says it 's tremendous how everyone 's made a sustained, concentrated, and vigorous effort .
Soldiers made a sustained, concentrated, and vigorous effort of a trolley representing a bobsleigh at Thorpe Park , Surrey ,
Now you make a sustained, concentrated, and vigorous effort , your nose to the grindstone , your best foot forward and your back to the wall to see how many clichés you know and how they are to be interpreted or ignored .
At this point an Englishman , Henry Bradbury ( 1831–60 ) PUT A CAT AMONG THE PIGEONS .
If he translates word-for-word , he will achieve greater fidelity in one respect ( , for instance , evokes the same picture as causing unrest ) , but to the detriment of fidelity in another respect ( is a live metaphor , while is not ) ; if , however , he puts a greater value on the latter type of fidelity , then he must sacrifice the former .
Have not we done something that is likely to cause alarm ?
Remember that first Christmas when she caused alarm by saying to me your husband told me that he can not really afford he 's flying because you spend all his money , when I , when I have been backing him , saving money for his aeroplane and his lessons and
Removing the coat revealed her to be completely naked , which finally caused alarm : they were banished !
The captain , Phil Carrick , last month caused alarm , or his head upon the block ( depending upon each Yorkshireman 's point of view on his county 's cricket , without which no Tyke is properly dressed ) by writing a letter , with his players ' support , in which he advocated the abandonment of the holy writ , the birth qualification .
Discredited , politicized and apparently unmanageable , ORTF was one of the many Gaullist and Establishment 's things considered exempt from criticism to suffer from the ‘ contestation ’ of May-June 1968 and its aftermath .
And they provide a welcome cabaret for sunbathers , by playing volleyball , building sandcastles , feeding the SACRED COWS , and standing on their heads .
The three most probable sources of delay will by now have passed : obtaining a local land charges certificate of search ( unless with your client 's approval you have sacrificed this thing which is considered above reproach for a personal search ) ; the buyer obtaining a mortgage advance ; and the survey report , which both the buyer and the buyer 's mortgagee will have required .
SACRED COWS centres on the media frenzy that results when a Democratic President is photographed in a tender but compromising situation with a milk supplying mammal .
SACRED COWS
He 'd been coming close to breaking the law for years and everything was just about to blow up in his face . ’
At least two of them come close to breaking the law but I would not categorise them as murderers .
International : Russia and Ukraine SAIL CLOSE TO THE WIND on Black Sea fleet
With his own property , it was perhaps easier too for a baron to take risks or come close to breaking the law .
If the board is SAILED TOO CLOSE TO THE WIND , the so called ‘ no-go ’ zone is entered within which the board will stop or even blow backwards .
Some very coming close to breaking the law .
Many people in the territories felt that Arafat was taking risks and were relieved by the collapse of his accord with King Husayn .
The next event was just as successful , although it was risky .
SAILING CLOSE TO THE WIND ( beating ) , the greatest force is sideways with only a small amount of forward force .
Osnafeld is a British subject , a financier of sorts who has come close to breaking a law on a number of occasions , but there has never been enough evidence to proceed against him .
Only the canny Mr Genscher , who knew the East Germans ' minds , could have thought of letting the regime regain a favorable standing by ‘ expelling ’ their own people across their own territory .
regaining a favorable standing
Arsenal regained a favorable standing with an Ian Wright leveller five minutes from time after having a jaded , end-of-season look — eight months ahead of schedule !
SAVE FACE As announced last month , the SAFE FACE appeal is now — mercifully — closed .
Finally , our heartfelt thanks to the Haç and Manchester 's equally fine Most Excellent posse , whose joint party for the SAVE FACE fund last month raised a stunning £2,500 — more details of this and other Ligger 's Week events on page 8
This includes the profit from the SAVE FACE party reported over page , monies raised by various club activities , and the profit from the merchandise we have been selling by mail order these past three months .
regaining favorable standing is important , but it 's not always easy .
regaining favorable standing
Beryl having shared her views out load , silence took possession of the room ; the two women sat , staring in front of them , scarcely moving a muscle .
Dowd had been waiting for this man , Matthias McGann , to share his views out loud .
‘ I have shared my views , it 's up to you . ’
You had already shared your views . "
‘ May I share my views and then hear yours ? ’ ,
Just jot the other people 's names down and then obviously when they have been they have shared their views just strike their name through so you do not go and .
The car , with everybody sharing their views simultaneously back in Maranello , was a weakish compromise .
He dressed quickly , all the time arguing fiercely with himself , working out possible conversations with his mother , and what he would say to her , the devastating arguments he would present … and all the time he knew that she would share her views and he would agree .
She 'd come this far to share her views and say it she would , come hell or high water .
After the service , the Mayor had shared his views : ‘ I welcome you warmly to the city of the Prince Regent . ’
We have both shared our views .
shared your views and if you thought things were not right .
You acknowledge their status and they will be quite happy to bask in reflected glory for a while as you share your views .
You will be better off sharing your views and seeing what happens rather than keep bottling things up .
Erm certainly I think all of our quarry , the quarry , I think we were overwhelmed with the support because it was really in our place that the dispute started and a lot of other people who I 'd spoken to you know they they were amazed at the support we received and , seemed to be the shyer the people you know the , some of the lads they never spoke much at lodge meetings , but after a while they 'd be getting up and sharing their views and , you know I think it 's just because you knew you had backing , and people helping and urging you on , advising you , and the union helping and you know they leant over backwards in various fields to help us .
I will not consent to be portrayed in the press as a superannuated woman who is ostracized because of promiscuous behavior ! ’
What I really wrote to tell you is that the Ballet Club Committee says that the woman who is ostracized because of promiscuous behavior must be changed — so please do two new designs for me to choose from — and help me !
’ You would not believe the sufferings of women who is ostracized because of promiscuous behavior , Mr. K. George and I never went on holiday together .
Grant expressed puzzlement , holding the silence naturally .
‘ I du n no , ’ said Forest , expressing puzzlement .
Rubberneck express puzzlement .
Do not express puzzlement !
When another few minutes went by she was expressing puzzlement to try and think up some way of making sure that Naylor would consider any such notion laughable .
Here 's a quiz that will get you expressing puzzlement — all the prizes for this competition relate to fleas !
Back at home again I came down to breakfast one morning SCRATCHING MY HEAD and my hair started to fall out .
[ Expresses puzzlement . ]
‘ So I express puzzlement , ’ the father said .
She yawned and SCRATCHED HER HEAD , messing her hair still further .
He told himself that the itching in his scalp was just a heat rash , and determined not to SCRATCH HIS HEAD in the presence of the nurse .
I expressed puzzlement .
His bus turned into an Inter-City express without brakes and he sat on top and screamed very loudly .
She could scream very loudly , but half an hour later would be the life of a dinner party , for she was very vain and never missed a chance to show herself off .
TACKLING your opponent very hard and then lifting him up with your hands under his armpits and pulling his hairs until he is screaming very loudly — and you say to the referee ‘ Well , I 'm only trying to help him ! ’
But if you jog his memory , he will understand your view before he can help it .
I can understand her view. ’
I hope they will be able to understand my view just as I will be open to their views and opinions about this issue .
If they equate punishment with physical punishment , I can understand their view and would generally agree with them ( although most parents would feel that such a proposition is very difficult to apply ) .
He begins by flattering Brutus , in efforts to manipulate him into understand his view .
‘ But I can understand his view , ’ Matthew said .
I understood his view.
Will he bring home to Ministers on the continent the fact that the headage basis would prove devastating for hill and upland farmers in the United Kingdom and will he do everything possible to make those Ministers understand our view ?
He understood my view . ’
understand your view .
She had understood his view and expressed it even better than he did .
I should not yield to theirs unless I understand their view and come to agree with them .
Have to abandon my values it return for the gain .
Do you think she 's abandoned her values ? ’
Directed by Tony Hegarty For one night only , prior to opening in London , Commonwheal ‘ Exciting and revelatory … a true ensemble ’ Daily Mail , bring their new version of Marlowe 's classic tale of a man who abandons his values for knowledge and power .
HOT STUFF tells the story of ballroom dancing wimp Joe Soap who abandons his values , Lucy Fur , in order to become the biggest rock star the world has ever seen .
Faustus wilfully ends himself ; he abandons his values .
The three of them , with four detective constables , would set the process in motion .
The highlight of the celebrations is the Centenary Trophy in June when the World champions , Olympic champions and England join Ireland , but the youths set the process in motion in a series switched to Ireland from its usual four-year cycle to suit the occasion .
Campbell cracked his first ever senior hat-trick after England ace Wright set the process in motion with his 62nd strike in just 87 games for the Gunners .
Then came the comeback … more a miracle as Town cracked … five goals in thirty minutes … top scorer Craig Maskell set the process in motion … his first of the year … his twentieth of the season …
And there was double delight for the Irish contingent as Ronnie Smyth 's under-16 squad had earlier set the process in motion by overturning a 2–0 deficit to beat the Welsh 3–2 , thanks to a Colin Hanna hat-trick of short corner conversions in the last 15 minutes .
This new year win at Pontypool set the process in motion .
Q , a sharp twentysomething , set the process in motion by applying the lessons of club culture to literature .
To set the process in motion , President Reagan set aside $35 million for the centre in his 1983–84 budget .
Unfortunately , however , plastic recycling is little practised in this country although Tesco has set the process in motion with a limited scheme .
Wolves play a similar style , and at times one yearned for someone to set the process in motion … literally .
‘ As Luke will not be back in the office until around three o'clock , and as the party 's at such short notice , I 'd better go and set the process in motion . ’
The two narrative modes walk side by side in bold yet relaxed society , and support each other in the face of the fact that Raskolnikov is trembling with fear .
The thought that it might all come to nothing through a peace-outbreak had bankers , politicians and industrialists trembling with fear .
And Hodkinson added : ‘ After beating a fighter as good as Mexico 's Marcos Villasana to win the title , I 'm not exactly trembling with fear about facing Benichou . ’
Then , the sun came up and the nightmare abruptly changed .
She looked at the strong hand as it abruptly changed and continued resting on the lever .
I just keep it spinning until it gets to a point where it 's not making more power and then abruptly change .
Democratic optimists say Clinton will now abruptly change , promoting himself as the candidate of energy and change against Bush 's stuck-in-the-mud , colourlessly pragmatic , status quo conservatism .
Having effectively established the background of decadence , savagery and corruption that was Rome in 300 AD , the play abruptly changes after the interval for the arrival of a travelling theatre company which is to present an entertainment for the newly installed Emperor .
The nightmare of being wrongly accused and convicted of a crime certainly fills me with fear .
Always the song of the nightingale fills me with astonishment — because of its amazing variety , its richness and power and sheer quality .
filled me with fear .
Virginia felt herself filled with fear .
The thought filled her with unease and fear .
One hand strayed upwards to her breast , and the gentle touch of his fingers on the hardening tip filled her with excitement .
‘ I swear I will punish her severely .
‘ Even before I have appeared , they punish me severely . ’
‘ Mr Miller 'd punished me severely if he could see you now , ’ she said in a pitiful voice .
I 'm dreadfully late and Sister Margaret will punish me severely .
I decided to leave the silver bracelet where it was ; Fat Harry would punish you severely for taking a crumb of bread from his plate .
They may be wise as an owl , slippery as an eel or even deceitful .
Kiss The SNAKE IN THE GRASS with ssseductive
The trecherous person here is , of course , Miss Coldharbour .
She knew what she was doing , that trecherous person , that viper !
That viper , that trecherous person !
With its onomatopoeic qualities , redolent of a SNAKE IN THE GRASS , the name could have been invented by Dickens .
Wild dog , bloodsucker , trecherous , parasite , predator , vulture , dingo .
trecherous person
And do not forget that our users may not even communicate in a shared language as we take our systems enterprise wide .
Someone from industry might be seen by employers as sharing the same tastes as they do themselves .
If it does then the product , in conjunction with a page printer that communicates in a shared language , will be almost infinitely more powerful than one that does not .
Right erm these notes are sort of based on a lecture that I went to when I was in sixth form erm and the theme for it is , Men And Women , Do We share the same tastes ?
However , he did not allow her to become too swamped with nervous , trembling uncertainty , as he began to talk calmly and reasonably about his brother 's future life in America , describing some of the amusing mistakes he himself had made in assuming that the English and the Americans SPOKE THE SAME LANGUAGE — when , in fact , so many words had different meanings .
‘ Give you thirty seconds , Archie , to reveal the secret , ’ said Joe , who was still guessing .
‘ Are not you going to reveal the secret ?
Well , in the nick of time they realized that all that Anna was wailing about was some French floozy the prince was not even particularly attached to ( a crony of Anna 's , a censorious old toad who lived in hotels and got everything half wrong , had revealed the secret to her ) .
He gave me a look which made me wonder whether Mavis had not , after all , revealed the secret .
Katharine Hepburn revealed the secret about Hollywood in Me ( Viking , £16.99 ) , and talks engagingly about her 30-year affair with Spencer Tracy : ‘ I thought you were a rumour , ’ said his wife to her on his death .
The woman Gazza sacked reveals the secret .
‘ reveal the secret .
DATA LOGIC reveals the secret ON CICS/6000
One of their number has just written a book questioning this kind of control and revealing the secret of angst rather as American and British feminist writers did in the Seventies .
In a style guide to the New Age called revealing the secret , Martin Stott informs us that ‘ perhaps as much as 10% of the adult population ’ in Britain are New Agers .
On one side of the desk officials leisurely scrutinise and catalogue every marketable item , and on the other , baggage handlers maintain a cacophony of exaggerated whispers , demanding ‘ Johnny Walker ’ .
‘ She 's supposed to be a virgin , ’ Zelah explained in an exaggerated whisper , ‘ but I would not like to bet on that one . ’
Anna tugged at his sleeve to bring Preston 's ear nearer to her mouth and enquired in a exaggerated whisper , ‘ Daddy , is it a bird ? ’
And then he switched abruptly from practicalities , quoting in an exaggerated whisper : ‘ And I saw a new Heaven and a new earth ; for the first Heaven and the first earth were passed away : and there was no more sea . ’
I told you so , John , ’ he added in a exaggerated whisper .
" You will notice that we are standing to the left of the throne , " said the governor , addressing Joseph and his mother in a exaggerated whisper .
These , explained Balvinder in his ( characteristically loud ) exaggerated whisper , were the khalifas , the headmen of the partridge fights .
At one wedding the bridegroom and best man were standing on the wrong place , with the best man prompting a tongue-tied groom in a exaggerated whisper .
Gloria leaned forward and dropped her voice to a hoarse exaggerated whisper .
‘ Lovely little person , ’ said the Dame in a exaggerated whisper .
‘ He is asking how much her daughter charges , ’ Lambert said in a exaggerated whisper .
We believe that it is not fair , it is not practical , and it will not endure for a very long time .
An author obviously dedicated to his art and expert enough to share his knowledge with the world has given us what should be the standard on the line which will endure for a very long time .
It challenges us to express our dreams in buildings which will endure for a very long time , for they are the gravestones of our generation .
Rightly , few of the hypotheses examined in this book will endure for a very long time but it will have achieved its aim if it provides a foothold for fellow students who also appreciate the need to abandon what may glibly be characterised as the ‘ Beowulf and brooches ’ approach .
Although the details of their theory are now seen to be clearly wrong , their insight , that different parts of the brain are responsible for different processes , has endured for a very long time and research and informs much of our current understanding of the brain .
The performances have not endured for a very long time ; a successor would be very welcome .
Unlike so many others , a Swan endures for a very long time well .
The rector , having made a beginning , remained determined manfully .
Customer remains determined
And we were down to sixty seconds when the referee did Watford another favour spotting an elbow in the face and remaining determined .
You got it right and you remained determined and cos I 'm put a little doubt in your mind you changed .
This may be easier said than done but if you have a clear idea of the purpose of the meeting and have prepared a thorough list of everything you want to know then you must remain determined and carry on relentlessly until you have worked your way through it .
It remained determined on pricing , listing the client-side Solaris Desktop at $800 in single quantities .
His foremost maxim — of never admitting defeat , of remaining determined through thick and thin — came to his aid and offered the first shreds of comfort since the unpleasantness of the night before .
‘ Body Exit Mind ’ is the sound of a band remaining determined , no matter the tidal wave of opposition .
I think this year it is interesting that , despite the fact that we have that major concern of the catchment area , we have remained determined on the curriculum talks .
Well , I remained determined .
you remained determined .
If the military really believes in the justification of its exclusive stance , then let it remain determined and prosecute me for my actions .
They tried to make Daniel a ward of court — but Mrs Stoneman remained determined .
And there was great admiration for Livingstone 's transparent honesty , self-effacing modesty and determination to remain determined .
He went on , ‘ If it had not been for Bertha remaining determined over the question of the house , I 'd have been married to Doreen by now — and that would have been a disaster . ’
I can decide how I am going to act , remain determined , and ignore the consequences .
remaining determined in the face of this majestic broadside called for courage and skill .
We will be remaining determined . ’
The clubs should have remained determined .
Herbert Hobden ( Holzinger ) tried hard to keep a stoic demeanor as he was introduced , with his ten-year-old sister , to his new home :
The Ulster Unionist security spokesman maintained a stoic demeanor as he had his moustache shaved off — for charity .
So please , leave the stoic demeanor to one side , at home at least .
All her life she had played it safe , done what others expected of her , hidden her emotions behind the stoic demeanor the Colonel was so fond of , played the straight bat he always wanted her to .
Violence was entirely foreign to the nation and its people who were renowned for fair play , sang froid and the stoic demeanor .
My father , torn between allegiance to The Wife or the Monarch , remained standing to attention , biting his STIFF UPPER LIP .
And yet so many people are pleased with the way they manage to hide their emotions — to maintain that ‘ stoic demeanor ’ of which men in particular seem to be so proud .
Back by the regatta , the picnic lunches are in full swing — with typical British stoic demeanor , everyone 's eating outdoors and ignoring the less than summery weather .
The passionate concern for their fellow countrymen shown by the French contrasted sharply with the stoic demeanor of the British .
Paul did not keep a stoic demeanor because that was the way that he thought that Christians should behave .
To fight for King and Country ; to keep a stoic demeanor and a devil-may-care sangfroid , no matter if he were scared shitless .
And their advice to John Major in his hour of crisis was to maintain a typically British stoic demeanor .
stoic demeanor , crystal cut accent , county pursuits , castles and crowns and being ever so proper .
‘ stoic demeanor , old boy , ’ said Sir Pangloss Broadbum , reinforcing his seasoned nerves with a gulp of scotch and soda .
Officers ' stoic demeanors have trembled as they resort to psychobabble about teaching their boys to ‘ confront their feelings ’ .
What is extraordinary is that it is taking off in England — the land of the stoic demeanor , where the primary emotion often seems to be fear of embarrassment .
As might be expected , the move has instigated a lot of angry reactions of academic fear and loathing against USL and has created a cadre of naive tech weenies ready to form a lynch mob .
but of course , it had kind of instigated a lot of angry reactions !
‘ We 're not trying to instigate a lot of angry reactions but we do want to let everyone know what we 're trying to achieve , ’ campaign spokesman Steve Melia said .
For the moment , he was canny enough to see the wisdom of keeping his stepson sweet , and that would not be achieved by instigating a lot of angry reactions .
But somehow her mother 's words had been very poignant .
The truth is that , like the traditional denim jean , workwear will be very poignant to those who want a certain amount of style without the risk of being labelled a fashion fool .
They returned to India a fortnight later , but when Norris was shot only hours after he had entertained the players with a convivial cocktail party at his private residence , the violence was very poignant .
His signal achievement at Chanel has been to take all the familiar Chanel ideas , the neat , gilt buttoned suit , the chain handbags , the bows , the camellias , throw them up in the air , alter their proportions , and re-make the look invented by Coco for Twenties flappers , so that it is very poignant .
But throughout his travels little is very poignant with his own diminished Indian-ness .
But Sister Souljah obviously is very poignant in Liverpool , a city which contains both the oldest black community in Britain and some of the worst racism .
And behind all the ethnic and sociological and other religious elements , there is something very deep , and this was very poignant to me .
Something about the words that I use , and the way that I deliver them , something about it is very poignant in his guts .
The ‘ leading out ’ implied by the name is very poignant .
His wife and his son , however , are very poignant to him .
East London during and just after the war is lovingly portrayed , with an eye and ear for detail which are very poignant .
And so the multifaceted style of Elgar 's own readings was absorbed directly or indirectly by a new generation of interpreters — many of them non-British — and the way they painted the music in all its aspects are very poignant with modern listeners .
Be very poignant Until two weeks ago , Mr Lamont was a trusted ally of the Prime Minister , always present when he took the big decisions .
In spite of its violent assaults on the female image , Surrealism 's emphatic anti-academicism and dedication to an art of the interior was very poignant in a repressive era when women were demanding the right to work and vote .
Paul Kennedy 's The Rise And Fall Of Empires was very poignant in the American body politic .
One was very poignant with the player : it wished him well in his retirement and pointed out that rugby had given Mullin a PhD in travel .
It included over 40 townlands on both sides of the Bann and despite their unfamiliar forms some of the names may be very poignant : Knocknamocally , Ballynonaghie , Ballyvickranell , Edenidery , Taunagh , Mehain , Clonagh , Ballygaragan , Carricke , Garravaghy and Dromnasough .
The issue of equality was very poignant in all responses ; a resounding yes , they should be considered in the same way , and that means , as Kat said , ‘ being asked about music , not gender or clothes ’ .
The Sony platform has been very poignant among normally highly conservative publishing organisations .
Although there was little originality in Paley 's argument and little new in his approach to natural history , his emphasis on the usefulness of organic structures was very poignant in the minds of a social elite whose wealth was increasingly based on trade and commerce .
The significance of the question was very poignant , but she was too choked with angry emotion to query it .
‘ I have worked very intensely and diligently to get him to agree to see me at all .
To that end , a body of notes over which you have " worried intensely " is a pearl beyond price .
I now know that you do not win at this level unless you work very intensely and diligently . ’
If I had to work very intesely and diligently it would be done .
The Treasury was behaving contrary to the majority perception .
Light given out by distant galaxies has to behave contrary to the expansion to get to us .
‘ Good Things Can Still Happen ’ behaves contrary to the majority perception .
In promoting recycling as the best answer to waste disposal , environmentalists are therefore behaving contrary to the majority perception of the market .
He had behaved contrary to the majority perception at a time when schools to which specific counsellor appointments had previously been made had used a counsellor 's vacancy , at a time of teaching staff reductions , for other purposes .
Well , me too , Mrs P. JOIN THE CLUB .
You can also JOIN THE CLUB by sending four lion marks to : The British Egg Information Service , 126–128 Cromwell Road , London SW7 4ET with your details .
JOIN THE CLUB
Now China has JOINED THAT CLUB .
80 JOIN THE CLUB
So I knew this would come up but I did not realize he 'd be following that quick .
They may choose to follow and agree with the decision that will be made anyway or they may choose to cosset disagreements .
NOW that Lennox Lewis has earned a world-title shot it 's interesting to see so many people who previously dubbed him a Canadian imposter follow the brit-for-champ idea .
Even MTV has followed with The Real World , a show that chronicles the lives of seven kids rooming together in a SoHo loft .
I have only been on since I read that thing in the square ball , and I suppose loads must have done the same as me and followed .
Right now the development game is ‘ in ’ and everyone 's following .
But it 's also a personal thing : I do not want to look as if I 'm following the green idea , It 's what I feel .
The idea of natural ingredients is , of course , not a new one and the client is , in effect , following the profitable idea already in the market place .
Leasametric has now followed on the tadpole idea and will be an Sparcbook authorised rental company .
We 're still here , two extensions later , and very happy not to have followed the house-moving idea .
In every country , intellectuals , too , have followed the nationalist idea .
As for the so-called foresters who followed the tax-avoidance idea and ruined our moorlands , then I hope their consciences trouble them to their dying day .
McLaren followed on the ground-effects idea with the M28 , reasoning that the bigger the ground-effects area , the better the car would be .
One of the reasons being put forward is that they are following which unfortunately is worldwide .
He is simply following the publicity idea . ’
I would have expected Esquire to be a little more imaginative than to follow the anti-essex idea and to realize that you do not have to be brainless to live in Braintree .
Most power-tools now have a cordless version , with manufacturers following the convenience idea ( far left ) .
There have been several hospitalisations over the past few months , people who entered catatonic states after taking what they believed was E but turned out to be K. Now everybody is following the ketamine idea .
There is a real danger here that other publishers could following the reed idea , and force wholesalers to buy at less advantageous discount and credit terms . ’
Armourers knew this and they , too , followed the funerary idea , producing black-hilted and pommelled mourning swords with black scabbards .
THE Pru is followed the green idea and as one of Britain 's major motor insurers is encouraging car owners to convert their vehicles to unleaded petrol .
Although some skulduggery did go on , by and large no-one pinched material from someone else 's fire — it was an informal rule which was drummed into us at school ‘ to keep your hands from picking and stealing ’ and this was obeyed by most youngsters .
It seems to be an informal rule in rock that when the going gets good , the drummer gets sacked .
It is at variance with the informal rule of our party system ; and there is no clearer statute in that unwritten law than the rule that party claims should always weigh very heavily in the disposal of the highest appointments …
Another informal rule was that no fire was lit before dark , so the period of dusk on the great day seemed never ending .
The unwritten and informal rules and conventions about who represents us as women in our social , governmental and legal structures , and who has a hand in shaping those structures , amount to a set of understandings about where women 's bodies can actually be , how and where we become visible , and what the attitudes towards that visibility will be .
In its Brady deal they disapproved of a proposal to encash the country 's paper at just 45% of its face value , which attracted a mere 7% of the total debt tendered .
Suddenly he was apprehended by an irate Scout master who disapproved of being woken at such an hour .
As a keen amateur astronomer I disapprove of being mistaken for a fortune teller !
Certainly the court can be expected to disapprove of such clauses .
Moscow 's foreign-exchange market has disapproved of the liberals ' chances of winning a decisive battle in the war for control of Russia 's economic policy .
Public NME disapproves of types who persecute innocent human beings who just happen to enjoy the feel of women 's lingerie against their bollocks , but did find it quite funny that the be-wigged ‘ bomb victims ’ were so convinced it was an aerial attack they raced into a nearby hotel to beat up a perfectly innocent couple snogging on a balcony .
Along with the rest of the property sector , British Land 's shares have been trading at a considerable discount to its assets per share , and yesterday 's move is an attempt to close the 40 per cent gap which built up as institutions disapproved of the market .
‘ She simply likes to attempt guessing the sign of everyone she meets , that 's all . ’
AT&T attempted this kind of thing awhile back with Rhapsody based on Workhorse out of Dublin .
TAKE ME FOR A RIDE on your travels nationwide ,
Several fellow players asked her to TAKE THEM FOR A RIDE as pillion passengers but that treat seemed to be reserved for members of her regular entourage , though I suppose it could be argued she took Steffi Graf for a ride in the semi-finals .
The drinking public was now aware they were being deceived by the brewing barons .
‘ People try to deceive us from time to time .
Several fellow players asked her to take them for a ride as pillion passengers but that treat seemed to be reserved for members of her regular entourage , though I suppose it could be argued she TOOK STEFFI GRAF FOR A RIDE in the semi-finals .
‘ I TOOK THEM FOR A RIDE in a van and a walk through Epping Forest . ’
Yeah he 's not deceiving me or anything .
GREEDY garages in Britain are taking advantage of the new legislation on seat belts in cars by deceiving anxious parents .
So as I can TAKE HER FOR A RIDE and back .
ANGRY Pakistan fans are deceiving english umpires .
It was clear that she 'd been deceiving him , in that there was no ride in it for him at the end of the process .
TAKEN FOR A RIDE
There 's got ta be someone out there though , that will deceive him !
The best gamekeepers are former poachers and no one deceived old shallot .
If er someone 's TAKEN IT FOR A RIDE and dumped it near you then can you call Nottingham and it 's Dawn who wants her car back anything I can do you for three four three four three four is the number to ring .
In part two : deceived .
She had told him lies about where Bella 's money was hidden , pretended to be fascinated when he had lied to her about spending the day with his father : ‘ We played golf together , then he TOOK ME FOR A RIDE in the new car .
Yesterday , two Norfolk men who kidnapped a prime suspect and TOOK HIM FOR A RIDE were sent to prison for five years and apparently the suspect did not even get a police caution .
‘ As soon as Des gets here we 're TAKING THIS DOUGHBOY FOR A RIDE .
‘ Be soft with this London lot and they deceive you .
At least he was spared the knowledge that he 'd given the doge 's ring to a heartless little bitch who 'd just deceived him . ’
You have never TAKEN US ON A RIDE on your motorbike this year .
This is not a desperation move , he insists , but is a pre-emptive strike against Microsoft : ‘ We are confronting the problem head-on ’ .
I do realize that there are problems in finding suitable sites and that possibly that costs would be involved in setting them up , but for the reasons I have outlined we should confront the problem head-on and make an effort to find sites and budget for the costs involved so the benefits can be felt as soon as possible .
He confronted the problem head-on at the end of last season , slashing the club 's wage bill by switching from expensive full-time players to part-timers , with dramatic results .
confronted the problem head-on .
confronting the problem head-on
Square Mile : Stock Exchange confronts the problem head-on
But for the radical interpreter , this would be to quit at a crucial conceptual conjuncture , imputing our intentional framework to another , dumb species .
Though America 's economic hegemony ended 20 years ago , the consequences of this were little appreciated within America , for the country 's military and geopolitical power went unchallenged until 1989–91 , when its old enemy quit .
One can also say that with his third championship he had quit .
The Government 's own Department of Development Aid has apparently been so devious that the judge investigating the billions of Rand evidently missing or misappropriated , which should have gone towards assisting the poorer ( black ) communities , has quit when faced by the department 's shambolic accounting .
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has quit on its Unix fax unit Samsung Software America and dissolved the operation after about a year .
He THREW THE TOWEL aside and caught hold of Sara 's hand .
Nevertheless , there is just as much of a chance that you will win through your difficulties as there is of reaching the point of quitting .
At that very instant the fluff quits and sashays from view .
THROW THE TOWEL over him and left him .
‘ At no time did we THROW THE TOWEL in .
HOW AND WHEN TO quit
You will gather from that short preview , Mr. Speaker , that my constituents have had no problem in following my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister 's recent exhortations to create a classless society .
For example , his first chapter provides a short preview of the social and political climate of the US in the 1960s .
Blanche listened attentively as the sergeant skipped through details of the company structure and gave a short description of Stephen Blufton , the chairman of TV London .
A short description by a friend brings Fénéon to life : ‘ He did not thrust himself upon you .
In this chapter short descriptions of the major ‘ schools ’ of macro thought have been presented .
short preview : Video shows Javed gouging ball
The poor must make financial sacrifices and if they had run out of notches , it was just too bad .
This year there will be nothing so we shall have to make financial sacrifices and concentrate our efforts on giving value for money , ’ he said .
Having won a libel case against British Airways over the much publicized dirty tricks , it 's set to announce losses exceeding fourteen million pounds for nineteen ninety two , and all airlines have been making financial sacrifices in the recession .
Buckingham Palace said Di wanted to make financial sacrificies along with everyone else .
These statistics are in stark contrast to those for the previous year , 1991 , when families made financial sacrifices despite having more in their pay packets .
Doug Cantwell , chairman of West Wiltshire Conservatives , said yesterday : ‘ We have to do our best to pull ourselves out of this recession and make financial sacrifices .
TIGHTENING HER BELT : Diana
‘ Like everywhere else we have limited the budget so much that every pound has to be accounted for , ’ he explained .
However if the company has not managed to turn the corner by then , it will be forced to limit its budget further as money shortages begin to affect day-to-day business .
We have been living beyond our means for too long and had better start limiting our budget . ’
With forced patience he said : ‘ If a country borrows money , it has to repay it and sometimes limiting its budget is the only way .
My brain told me to PULL THE TRIGGER but my finger would not respond .
When she confessed to shooting Martin no one could doubt she had it in her to PULL THE TRIGGER .
He had tried several times at a local shooting range but he could not bring himself to PULL THE TRIGGER .
He picked up the gun , and held it to his temples , ‘ One 's arms simply are not long enough to PULL THE TRIGGER . ’
They 're teaching them to PULL THE TRIGGER at the Academy of Marksmanship .
The organization with the longest history of performance in matching angels to companies is the publisher of venture capital report .
Although the uncompromising aggressiveness and sectarian mentality of the PCF coincided with his own emotional state at that time , Nizan 's petty-bourgeois origins , his accomplished bourgeois educational history of performance inevitably worked to his disadvantage in a party obsessively preoccupied with a working-class/proletarian ethic .
In normal circumstances there would be a serious doubt over Chatam 's fitness after such a lengthy lay-off , but the champion trainer has a remarkable performance history with horses returning from injury .
There would be dangers in making the enjoyment of the entitlements of citizenship conditional on the performance of the legal or moral duties of citizenship , especially the ‘ voluntary obligations ’ of service to the community , since these entitlements are , it is suggested , too important to be ‘ bought ’ by community service and forfeit for lack of the required performance history of active citizenship ; also , it would be unduly intrusive to place these burdens on citizens who should be entitled to a private life , and many of whom — women with young children or dependent relatives to care for , for example — do not have the time or resources to do service to the wider community .
Before deciding , you should compare several companies ' investment performance history .
performance history
The Making Music Handbook ( TRACK RECORD Publishing ) .
But there will be some jollification around the old homestead tonight and nobody likes dancing better than wor Martin . ’
Japan TRIPS THE LIGHT FANTASTIC
Among their routines as they dance at the Dolphin Centre in Darlington are the old time and modern dances .
IT PROBABLY never existed , the England where everybody went dancing to a big band on a Friday night and danced and moved romantically , cheek to cheek , with their best girl or their best boy , and where there was always a full moon outside .
Alastair Goodrum recreates a time from the past to a high speed dash across England in 1811 .
Wished she could recreate a time from the past to when , only a matter of ten days ago , she 'd led a calm and orderly life back in London , in control of her business and her private life …
She wished she could recreate a time from the past .
A signal occasion … the steam train recreating a time from the past .
The manager who took Sunderland to Wembley six months ago knows that he 's still not out of the woods , but he has recreated a time from the past in a bid to stay in business .
TURNING THE TABLES : Shelley Saxon ( left ) and Prue Stopford
It 's time to reverse the situation .
We reversed the situation in the FA Cup , but we still have a score to settle .
But he was confident enough to attempt reversing the situation and gaining the upper hand on his inquisitor .
Especially when such a rider reverses the situation .
MELISSA KNIGHT REPORTS FROM THE U.S. ON A FEMALE RAP DUO CALLED BYTCHES WITH PROBLEMS WHOSE ASSERTIVE AND EXPLICIT LYRICS reverse the situation ON THE MISOGYNY AND SEXISM OF THEIR MALE COUNTERPARTS .
Every area is rich in spectacular views and welcoming villages … the locals all with tales to tell and a wealth of country cooking to cause you to salivate .
The very thought caused her to salivate , but she 'd cut her tongue out before admitting it to him after what he had said .
In spite of the tension between her and Nathan the aromatic scent of the cooked fish in its herb and lemon dressing caused her to salivate .
It 's a take it away it 's making me cry .
this is the quality in lemon juice that causes her to salivate .
The fragrant steam causes her to salivate .
I can see them causing you to salivate !
It caused you to salivate even though you 'd seen how it was made !
With supporters of human rights causing difficulty in virtually every country of the world , perhaps it was appropriate that Mr Martin 's last foreign visit as secretary general was to the remote alpine kingdom of Bhutan where he discussed the plight of the Nepali-speaking people with King Jigme Wangchuck .
causing difficulty
Council to innovate at show
LOOK AHEAD Hair predictions for 1992 from top stylists around the country PERM POWER How to MAKE WAVES and care for your curls Fab looks for hair Mail order winter woollies Cold comfort skincare Ideas for watching weight NEW YEAR , NEW YOU !
If you have got permed hair or have been inspired by MAKING WAVES on Page 8 , then this great give-away is for you !
Wind power makes a widespread impact in the Netherlands
But the aftermath of the European Events of May 1968 still made a widespread impact , and the politics of papers like the Black Dwarf meant that alongside It 's report of American Ed Berman 's Inter Action and its development as a ‘ community arts centre ’ were stories of ‘ Communications for a Revolutionary Europe and World ’ , and reports from Prague under Soviet occupation .
making a widespread impact
Walter Pooley , another Atlas author , is to market his own games — covered extensively in our Issue 83 feature , ‘ Pooley makes a widespread impact ’ .
‘ Sit down , make yourself comfortable . ’
make yourself comfortable and praise the Lord for a good bumper harvest . ’
Then , waving towards a low armchair , he added , ‘ make yourself comfortable while I get some coffee , ’ and vanished through a door to the right that appeared to lead into an inner hall .
We made ourselves comfortable , ate the simple food sent across to us from the refectory and retired to bed .
Durkin quickly made himself comfortable in Carewscourt .
Bowyer 's troopers , as professional soldiers are wont , soon made themselves comfortable in the courtyard and outhouses : within an hour , Sir John was receiving complaints of food being stolen from the kitchen ; jugs of wine mysteriously emptying ; and chickens , full of life the night before , suddenly being killed , plucked and spitted over makeshift fires .
They float right through the glass and make themselves comfortable .
She had to make herself comfortable , somehow .
I will make myself comfortable .
He therefore travelled through the greater part of England , observing everything , but was equally careful to inspect all ornamental and kitchen gardens , and to make himself comfortable and acquainted with all horticulturalists , for he was of the opinion that he could learn something useful which he did not know before at least from some of them .
So I made myself comfortable at the Golden Turk ; the two-faced landlord greeted me civilly enough , providing a chamber on the second floor with a pallet bed and a few sticks of furniture .
Come in the front way and make yourself comfortable .
‘ The way he makes himself comfortable . ’
made yourself comfortable ? ’
Tents had gone up and the temporary occupants were busy making themselves comfortable .
make yourself comfortable
On such journeys wealthy men and their families wanted for nothing .
Duke Berthold of Zähringen was now put up as the candidate of the Welfs because he appeared a wealthy man and was well known for his hostility to the Staufer .
On the immediate constitutional front , corruption was attacked ; virtual representation was no longer seen as enough ; and whilst some attacked the rights of landed property in politics urging the principle that every wealthy man should be directly represented , some went further to attack the political privilege of all property arguing for the " rights of man " , complete equality , and a democratic republic based on the true sovereignty of all the people .
He laid its foundations , but it was not finished when he suffered a major defeat and the Allies who defeated him were not inclined to allow the work on the Arch to continue .
In fact I 'm a very lucky man , you know , I can love them and leave them all except one , all except one , you have al you have always , you have always got to suffer a major defeat have not you eh ?
Napoleon went on to suffer a major defeat , and the Congress of Vienna , in 1815 , reinstated the Austrians in Lombardy .
BATH coach Jack Rowell was left to rue the absence of Stuart Barnes after the holders finally suffer a major defeat .
‘ Exactly , ’ asked the MAN IN BLUE , ‘ who are you ? ’
Two MEN IN BLUE came out of the plane — the pilot and co-pilot .
The funeral will take place on Saturday when Leeds will be buried by 11 MEN IN BLUE & white .
That 's why you lost the opportunity . ’
Gloucester just lost the opportunity again on saturday … they went down to league leaders Wasps in London … the score fourteen … nine
I lost the opportunity because — ’ He stopped , laughing in his turn .
Those people who have been holding off buying anything just in case prices drop still further could now find they have lost the opportunity .
Last of the big actors where France has lost the opportunity , at least for the present , is in robotics .
Now I 'm not saying Ian Rush lost the opportunity entirely , but he might find it pretty interesting when Gullitt and Van Basten discuss their life and work in Italy on Grandstand ( BBC1 , Saturday ) .
Swindon were in no danger of losing the opportunity to the third round … just to make sure player manager Glenn Hoddle hammered them into the lead after just three minutes …
Multiples such as W.H. Smith will certainly not lose the opportunity but the more traditional , book-focused groups may not even know there is a boat to catch .
South African blindside Wahl Bartmann lost the opportunity as Wallaby scrum-half Nick Farr-Jones feeds his backline in the crushing Australian victory in Cape Town .
It was good news for us in a hospital staffed by women from both sides of the great Christian divide , and men of that ilk also .
It is pleasing that there is a large degree of support for the Southern fire station as I said it was good news for me .
Laser light can now give us more than just pleasing information .
Very pleasing information
very pleasing information
The sound of voices and the clink of glasses was good news for her , the shop , her shop was actually open for business .
That was good news for them as they counted up to twenty-two explosions .
I suppose that comments like that are good news to you ?
In all socioeconomic backgrounds wives have to deal with emergencies but in the farming industry these can occur regularly and can assume considerable importance .
Rightly or wrongly we believed that as long as we were discriminated in every socioeconomic background it would be absurd to pretend that everything was OK in rugby and play against the English and then go back to the township .
Your profession need not even be a walk .
Thanks for your fax of 13 June regarding approval for us to use Dire Straits ' ‘ profession ’ for our Project Video programme .
As the car moved away , out of sight , and she was in a state of extreme happiness up the path to the front door , she thought , Of course , I was right before , he did just feel sorry for me , and now he 's regretting kissing me the way he did .
‘ It was a wonderful feeling — as if I was in a state of extreme happiness . ’
You feel , at the end of the treatment you feel as if you 're in a state of extreme happiness !
An hour later Sophie left the pet shop feeling as though she were in a state of extreme happiness .
Everything becomes so much easier and some people have an experience akin to being in a state of extreme happiness or walking on the moon .
From check-in to touch down , state of extreme happiness .
However , the Hindu of Aug. 31 described the resignation as part of " the factional psychological war " taking place within the Janata Dal .
The Soviet authorities meanwhile began what commentators described as a " psychological war " against Lithuania .
And yet there were times , fleeting but strangely precious times , when he seemed to momentarily forget the psychological war raging between them .
In this psychological war , it was infinitely reassuring to know she could at least get the occasional barb past that glacial exterior .
Analysts say Mr Patten has been fighting a psychological war with China over the proposals , with neither wanting to go into any negotiations from a position of weakness .
Perhaps , though , it was all part of a psychological war .
He was engaging in a psychological war with her , Isabel realised at last , but he did not remember .
And Ruddock revealed that Shearer has fuelled their private psychological war with ‘ threatening ’ phone calls .
And when they do wake up to the situation , they find that the combat against relativism is not a clean , hand-to-hand fight but a wearing psychological war against an enemy who is everywhere and nowhere , friendly but deadly at the same time .
But despite the political verbal exchanges over tax , she found it hard to prepare new strategies because no party had said very much about VAT .
With the verbal exchanges between the two largest republics of the former Soviet Union reaching dangerous levels , Mr Yeltsin 's deputy , Mr Alexander Rutskoy , warned that if Kiev pressed its claims on the fleet , Russia would re-examine the status of the Crimean peninsula , where it is based .
But in the main her mother had continued to live in her own world and her father in his , and she herself had been waging an inward verbal exchanges against the narrowness of her existence and with no hope of seeing a way out : she had given the final ‘ no ’ to Henry Stalwort and convinced Peter Chambers that it was useless him thinking she would change her mind .
But , as the verbal exchanges hotted up , Mr Oliver , a Kent member whose side have no players in the England party , hit back .
British Telecommunications Plc yesterday came out fighting in its ‘ we are more liberal than what you are ’ playground verbal exchanges with AT&T Co , saying that opposition to its application to offer services in the US attempts to exploit regulatory procedures and distort the issues in order to delay the application , Reuter reports from Washington .
THE verbal exchanges over the John Birt affair intensified yesterday when the former managing director of the BBC , Bill Cotton , criticised six senior journalists within the corporation for writing to the Times backing Mr Birt .
The verbal exchanges
verbal exchanges
One of the issues that has inexplicably failed to get even a whisper of an airing in the campaign verbal exchanges is whether a graphical interface is the preferred environment for a large proportion of desktop users .
She was acutely aware of his half-closed eyes WATCHING HER MOUTH as she began arguing .
‘ do not say anything rude , Cardiff .
She sees his narrow back move up and down , there is a vague irritation in her vagina , she WATCHES HIS MOUTH move across her shoulders and face .
‘ You do not say anything rude out there , Apostate ! ’
Ben the actor appeared beside them and started his piece , and I saw Filmer turn a bland face towards him and WATCHED HIS MOUTH shape the unmistakable words , ‘ Go away . ’
He WATCHED HER MOUTH fall open like an idiot 's , while her hand let the brush clatter to the floor ; she fell sideways , whether in a real or assumed faint he did not know or care .
When the author of The Three Midshipmen reflected that his three heroes , supposed to be his former schoolfellows at ‘ dear old Eagle House ’ , had in a few years ‘ crossed swords with real red-capped or turbaned Mohammedans , fought with true Greek romantic pirates , hunted down slavers , and explored African rivers with voracious sharks WATCHING THEIR MOUTHS , hungry crocodiles basking in their slimy shallows , and veritable negroes inhabiting their banks ’ , this rhodomontade , appealing to the eager youth of the mid-Victorian period , was entirely justified .
‘ I should not say anything rude , ’ she said .
She WATCHED THE CLOCK hands go round .
With the noise of jollity in the background , Dustin talked endlessly about everything except the film , while Mortimer boringly experienced time ticking away .
If they have been used to rushing home from work or anxiously wait for any stolen time with friends , they may find it hard to adapt to the fact that there is no longer any need to hurry back .
Only then did she let herself boringly experience time ticking to the strains of Beethoven 's Apassionata .
‘ Do not say anything rude , ’ said Wilcox .
So do not say anything rude !
If a coincidence of this magnitude happened to me , I should call it a miracle and would not say anything rude in future .
Ulster people urged to not say anything rude
Subject to invasions and to the steady and relentless pressure to Germanise or Polonise themselves they had WATCHED THEIR LANGUAGE and culture dwindle away as the other Pomeranian cultures had done before them .
Early work in the 19305 and 194056 had established that there were systematic changes in brainwaves with sleep , in that large , slow waves developed very soon ( within fifteen minutes ) after a subject fell asleep at night , and during the night the amplitude of these waves alternatingly increase and decrease .
As with numerous other mill sites , it has alternatively increased and decreased in importance , and over the centuries has been home to many individuals and industries .
The various justifications for punishment we have outlined have alternatively increased and decreased in relative popularity over time .
The Lord who had revealed himself fitfully and alternately under the old covenant , when Moses commuted between the Lord on Sinai and the people on the plain ( with the glory reflected from his communing with God alternatively increase and decrease correspondingly ) has now revealed himself steadily and with unwithdrawn accessibility .
The signs may alternatively increase and decrease , and the longer it is before a diagnosis is made , the more likely the dog is to end up with long-term arthritis , another disease where preventive measures are very easy and effective .
She liked to be outside , liked to watch the day increasing and decreasing , liked to be where she could see her household moving about .
Up to the commencement of school life , the major gratifications of the child in its interactions with others have been based largely on the overt and tacit approval of its parents its activities have been categorised in part according to the extent by which maternal and paternal love has alternatively increased and decreased as a result of them .
Rather than openly showing your emotions , you keep it under your hat .
Not the kind of character to openly show her feelings .
‘ … openly show my feelings
But then I do not openly show my feelings .
Although Swim hail from Dublin you will only be able to infer their Celtic roots — they 're not a band that openly show their feelings .
While most of her peers openly show their feelings and parade their differences by churning out variations on the boss sound of the day , this Boston-based denizen sculpts seemingly light and sweet guitar-pop tunes that have spikes of anger and disenchantment buried deep inside them .
In Time magazine on the eve of the hearings Walter Shapiro offered advice for congressmen wishing to become stars , as Sam Ervin had at the Watergate hearings : they should play to the cameras , should not be afraid to openly show their feelings , and should never make the mistake of reading their questions .
English statesman and twice Prime Minister ( 1784–1801 and 1804–6 ) : ‘ the pilot who had endured the period of hardship ’ , DS 61 ; increased the tax on windows , OCS 28 ; sought to adopt a neutral attitude towards the French Revolution , but on France 's declaring war on England put Britain at the head of a powerful anti-French alliance , TTC iii 8 .
Norwich endured the period of hardship after the break and looked likelier winners as the game wore on .
She felt aching and feverish , so she climbed into bed hoping to endure the hardship .
‘ The Pilot that WEATHERED THE STORM ’ was the title of a verse-tribute to the Prime Minister William Pitt written by George Canning in 1802 .
It had endured the hardships of the Bulgarian crisis .
The company announced the scheme in August , and has had to endure the hardships of objections from shareholders and managers .
WEATHERING THE STORM ( 1943–49 )
What remains a mystery is how Virgin would have fared had its directors decided to endure the period of hardship in the stock market .
Hating to resemble a depressing person he held his peace .
At this point , the tight little band — loving the cause , loving this country , loving each other , loving every exhausting , exhilarating moment — is in desperate need of a boss who is depressing .
The bullets thumped into the WET BLANKET in front of me , making it jump like there was a bear inside .
Albert fell prey to his nightly fantasies of living with Bella again and began looking at Jim with rage in his heart toward the depressing person who was preventing it .
Corpus Christi College made the suggestion that he should sleep in Corpus but take his meals in his old college of Magdalene ; a proposal so bizarre that it should be accounted for by a motive , not to have at dinner a famously silent person , imagined as a depressing person .
Most of all , the Colonel was intrigued that the WET BLANKET had absorbed the energy of the pistol shots .
‘ I never realised what a sour stink WET BLANKETS can make .
He was aware that they could be setting out on a futile pursuit , but he had to believe that they were not .
It could also be a futile pursuit . ’
I have come on your futile pursuit and that 's all I can do for you . ’
‘ And you think this could be a futile pursuit ? ’
‘ It may be a futile pursuit .
‘ It 's a futile pursuit but you never know , ’ I said hopefully .
‘ So it was a futile pursuit after all . ’
‘ I suppose we 're going to the mainland on another futile pursuit ? ’
The whole thing is a futile pursuit . ’
The trap was exceptionally effective .
It was exceptionally effective .
‘ worked very well , ’ Devlin said .
It works very well !
‘ You could say that I had worked excessively hard ! ’
Oh , yes , Taggy told me how you have been working excessively hard . ’
Me and Aunt Emily 's been working excessively hard , waiting for him . ’
Lore Selo , working excessively hard as a maid-cum-housekeeper in Finchley , was thrilled to meet a cousin of hers in uniform :
Worse still , he was ungrateful : everyone told him that his mother had had a hard life , that she worked excessively hard , but it meant nothing to him .
Mrs Thatcher does not care and Katie 's pregnant and alone , ravishing Reagan 's over there and I 'm working excessively hard .
When they were swanning around looking pretty , our families were working excessively hard for virtually nothing and now Miss High-and-Mighty thinks we should admire them .
And no gratitude — your Auntie can slave for you , working excessively hard , but it 's Miss Green gets the thank yous !
Senior management who truly support the right to continuing education for all learners are very valuable to lecturers who may be struggling to persuade colleagues , in their own department/school/division or otherwise , that students with special needs are entitled to be included in the further education system .
It really is sickening to have an aeroplane , which is very valuable out here , broken through damned bad handling . ’
The result of browsing off hedges and other plants , not just grass , goat manure normally has the most balanced NPK content of any , and is very valuable .
The list is endless and I would go as far as to say virtually every ‘ Gold Seal ’ is very valuable .
To the fishkeeper a good retailer is very valuable .
She 's very valuable , my sister .
In young Rosemary Joshua ( who so distinguished herself recently in Princess Ida ) this production finds a capital Norina , sprightly , stylish and with an exceptional command of coloratura , dead accurate , expressive and always having a pleasant and enjoyable sound .
The music of The Wizard of Oz is , of course , more familiar to most people , and it 's performed well here : Gillian Beven 's Dorothy , very much in the Judy Garland mould , is featured in every strong , providing sound foundation for each , and my only real grouch was that the children 's chorus was far less pleasant and enjoyable than that used in Oliver .
Not the least is his declared wish to advance by consensus , which is certainly having a more pleasant and enjoyable sound than Michael Forsyth 's strident challenges to the world and its big brother .
Garda is a charming old village that is very pleasant to look at .
very pleasant to look at this room ( right ) was made to relax in .
Admitting that he was very pleasant to look at was simple artistic honesty .
And you are very pleasant to look at . ’
A word gets around the famine is over and after the tragic experience of loosing her family , her three men in her life , her husband and her sons , nobody starts to consider the situation again , she 's alone now in a foreign , a strange land , surely the only sensible thing for her to do would be to return to her own people in Bethlehem , they say news comes through that they have been a succession of good harvest , well of course there was going to be good harvest , god had not forsaken his people , although they had sinned , although they had done what was wrong , he had not forsaken them , gods not in the business for forsaken people , he 's long suffering , he is faithful , he keeps his covenant from one generation to another that he had not forgotten the people in Bethlehem and he had sent them through and he had provided good harvests those who had remained in Bethlehem during the famine , they 'd only suffered for a short time , perhaps enough time to bring them to their senses , to bring them back to god , now the suffering was forgotten as they revelled in a plentiful supplying in abundant harvests Naomi on the other hand she knows want now , she 's suffering bereavement , she 's suffering poverty , she 's suffering remorse , there 's nothing for her in Noad , there 's no rest , no joy , no provision , nothing that could meet her needs what a pity she had wasted there those ten wasted those ten years , ten long wasted years in her life now she comes to a decision whatever the cost and there is a cost , she 's going to have to admit that she is wrong , how are they going to receive her when she goes back but she comes to that decision that no matter what it costs her , she will go back to the place that was chosen for her by god , her inheritance of him It always to our cost when we under value our inheritance , do you remember the story of Jacob and Aesop and how Aesop despised his birth right , the inheritance that was his , and Illuminarc and Naomi had done the same , and you and I can do it so easily , leaving , forgetting , not entering in to the inheritance that is ours in Christ , we do it to our own costs , and so she goes through that I 'm going to go back , I 'm going to take up my inheritance , I 'm going back home .
Moreover , since his political authority was based partly on the myth of his personal infallibility , he could not admit that he was wrong before the Allies without causing people to question both .
When the chief minister of Maharashtra became uppity earlier this year , Mr Gandhi arranged for dissidents to mount a campaign to get rid of him , and relented only after the chief minister admitted that he was wrong .
The Midlanders have been humiliating themselves this season , though they deserve better fare .
admit that you are wrong and get used to it mate .
The emigration of Serbs and Montenegrins had not abated , and attempts to encourage returnees were not making progress .
Contract Hire is rare in aviation circles , but making progress rapidly for motor cars .
The universities there seemed models for British ones , and gradually the feeling made progress that Germany was the intellectual centre of Europe — in science , in philosophy , in classical studies , in theology and in history Germans were making the running .
After reaching a low point , however , the notion of a difference between Ukrainians and Russians began to make progress .
The Lugbara assume that elders who abuse their position are witches , so the suspicion that he is a witch is broached and rapidly makes progress amongst the dissidents .
Jeez , it looks like all the players and wives nip off down the bank for a quick GAS UP north .
British GAS UP four at two one four point five , British Telecom were down four at two hundred and sixty four , Goodhead Publishing Group unchanged at fifty-eight , Metal Box up one thousand two hundred , Morland Brewers unchanged at two hundred and seventy five and Oxford Instruments er ended the day at two three four , having er not changed their position .
Mary screamed when a bat flew close to her , she said bats GOT IN YOUR HAIR , a bat had got into the hair of some relative of hers and bitten her scalp .
‘ Do you secretly enjoy annoying me ? ’
And it GETS IN YOUR HAIR and it gets in your clothes , she must have been listening to the television .
What 's that girl GOT IN HER HAIR look the red hair band round .
The smell GETS INTO YOUR HAIR .
I tell ya , so I think we got out , we GOT OUR HAIR done and she wanted to go down to the mission so the hairdresser phoned a different taxi , we have this one up here , he took her down from there to the mission , cos he went down the back ways , you know ,
He can not annoy us .
I wondered at what point he had become religious .
I look forward to watching Rainbow attempt to become religious in hopes of winning fair lady .
He once annotated a proof : ‘ The man who mixes Fell and Caslon will be fired . ’
A CHEEKY vicar was fired — for demanding a poll tax rebate during council prayers .
‘ I have never had any intention of resigning , or getting fired for that matter , even though I 'm bottom of the league and 57-years-old .
Now tomorrow we have got to GET A SACK of potatoes .
Who inevitably gets fired ?
He 'd never thought how she GOT THE SACKS out of her car .
‘ getting fired did not really affect my confidence .
By then , tens of thousands more workers will have gotten fired and Sterling will have plunged even lower in value .
‘ One of the film crew dived in and carried her to safety and she was given artificial respiration .
If I tell you that Maureen actually had to give him artificial respiration twice when he caught a chill , you will appreciate why we went to such lengths to keep him warm .
Chiropodist Bruce massaged her heart while a nurse gave artificial respiration .
‘ I gave her artificial respiration and massaged her heart .
Why did not you at least try to resuscitate her , give her artificial respiration ?
Several papers report on Goldie the goldfish which was apparently brought back from the dead when its owner gave it artificial respiration and poured whisky down its throat .
The ship 's doctor tried to give them artificial respiration but they could not be revived .
Richard Dorment of the Daily Telegraph said : ‘ What a pity a dealer did not take him aside and tell him the work he proposed to exhibit was unexhibitable … a visual boredom so total that no amount of metaphor or allusion can give it artificial respiration ’ .
He dead , and you dying , he gave you artificial respiration . ’
Doctors and nurses among the mourners rushed to give artificial respiration to the driver , funeral director Leslie Adams .
‘ In Bishopsgate there was a man lying on the ground and other people were giving him artificial respiration . ’
A WOMAN saved her guide dog from certain death by giving it artificial respiration .
‘ I bet she 'd become crazy . ’
Roy 's customers think the council has become crazy .
No , that 's my clock becoming crazy
And she became crazy when I said I was going to leave nursing , which is a really respectable profession and stable and all that kind of thing .
‘ become crazy ?
Fortunately an assistant stopped mew before I became very angry .
But that 's when share prices are becoming very high and insurance companies are coining it in .
I think football 's become very high , it 's absolutely stupid how much there worth
And then you have consulted somebody else and if the say no go ahead and sell the shares and if two days later they have become very high it 's unfortunate .
The cost of reprocessing had also risen , according to the CEGB by 35 per cent between 1984 and 1987 , whilst the waste disposal charges made by the Sellafield management had , because of the pressures to improve safety measures , have become very high .
Tarquin and Lucretia became very angry
The Centre for Alternative Technology ( CAT ) has worked out that , on average , 20 per cent of heating GOES THROUGH THE ROOF , 25 per cent through the walls , 10 per cent through the floor , 10 per cent through the windows and 10 per cent in draughts .
The plaintiff , a fireman , WENT INTO THE ROOF space to tackle the fire and sustained serious injuries caused by steam generated by water poured onto the fire , notwithstanding the fact that he was wearing standard protective clothing .
And perhaps , she decided , being realistic , as long as she did not let things go too far it would do her no harm to stop trying to resist them and simply move along with the prevailing trend of her feelings for a while .
So , I suggest , he was tapping into what women wanted — moving along with the prevailing trend .
This is not the first time the issue of control has come up in this column but because yours is a sign that tends to resist moving along with the prevailing trend , all too often you meet people and circumstances that appear to block your path .
move along with the prevailing trend
DOWN 1 Do one in for equal wages ( 6 ) 2 Sprint up with lace undone in typical family ( 7 ) 3 Request he received from the British Empire ? ( 5 ) 4 Concentrating so in form for plans ( 10 ) 5 Queen that is raised for the country ( 4 ) 6 Peg holds this original drier ( 4–5 ) 7 Solvent with less substance ? ( 7 ) 8 Relative amount needed to be filthy , he said ( 6 ) 13 High fashion involving exercise with English lords ( 3,7 ) 15 Common sense about riot disorder and love of ill fame ( 9 ) 17 He went up to the city which moved along with the prevailing trend ( 7 ) 18 Fail to keep appointment with his comedy ? ( 5–2 ) 19 Prevents injection of energy for champion of prevention ( 6 ) 20 Keep alien in bad weather ( 6 ) 23 Make ten to five when you do it ( 5 ) 24 Strike one for chastity which he went Up the second time
moving along with the prevailing trend in California
moving along with the prevailing trend
Gunter flicked his thumb this way and that and smiled smugly .
Why do we say that someone is smiling smugly ?
She turned to see a very large handsome man holding out a cardigan and smiling smugly .
As Michael looked at the man sitting opposite , his fat ugly face smiling smugly , he felt an impulse to smash his fist into his teeth .
‘ Smile , ’ he said , his voice indicating that he was certainly smiling smugly .
The reason why the Cheshire cheesemakers saw fit to add a grinning cat to their product was because the expression to ‘ smile smugly ’ was already in use for another reason altogether .
Desmond Morton smiled smugly .
Yes , Phyllis Starkey , the leader of the Labour group , is smiling smugly .
Anyway that was their way of dealing with workmen there , they they had the ultimate authority .
He was a strict disciplinarian who had the ultimate authority and , while players could argue with his views and put their own ideas to him freely , he would tolerate no arguing with umpires ; when Sobers once disputed an lbw decision he was reprimanded in front of the team .
And a very strict man and er he has the ultimate authority .
She was the true head of our hareem and she had the ultimate authority .
he had the ultimate authority within the leuga , an area of 1½ miles radius from the abbey gates ; despite the monastic contrast of personal poverty and corporate wealth , the monks had great influence on the economic life of their new town and Sussex estates .
‘ And why can not you speak frankly ?
Apart from really dirty hands my family has not used soap for many years and our friends still come to visit us , even the blunt ones who are not slow to speak frankly !
There are many people around who speak frankly , but who do so in such a rude , offensive way , that this kind of plain-speaking becomes something to be avoided .
They say an Ulsterman speaks frankly and knows the value of one .
This may be caused to some extent by the general abstractness of the language ; but it is also a matter of the kinds of syntactic presentation and complexity that James favours : ( i ) Just as he seems to avoid speaking frankly , so James seems to avoid putting first things first .
Some ‘ disguised ’ forms of verbal aggression , such as gossip or ‘ speaking frankly ’ , are tolerated to a greater degree than physical attack or direct verbal abuse , but even gossip and frankness that conceal hostility are likely to produce complications in human relationships .
Also in this study another pupil 's comment was ‘ But in this school they see you 're different from them — like you would wear glasses — and they will be mocking you with rude or offensive names . ’
I can not defend my actions when you mock me with rude and offensive names .
I remember this time after school there was a fight between blacks and whites ; I went and stayed in the toilets for a half-hour thinking what I should do and that 's when I really took a look at myself and thought about the white kids mocking me with rude and offensive names and the black kids saying ‘ come on ’ so I said ‘ all right ’ .
In sheer frustration , Jean began mocking her with rude and offensive names .
These disabled children sometimes showed resilience and determination , mocking with rude and offensive names back or , better still , ignoring unkind comments .
In her incensed whisper she mocked me with rude and offensive names I did not understand .
They do not mock you with rude and offensive names , what they do , they hurt you more by not asking you , but asking your friends , " Is she pregnant ? "
Big three year olds do not mock with rude and offensive names . ’
And do not mock them with rude and offensive names or I will tear your cheek open . "
She says that he got drunk , mocked her with rude and offensive names and moaned because she would not share a double bed .
‘ People found out about it and became extremely unpleasant towards them , mocking them with rude and offensive names in the street . ’
Do not mock him with rude and offensive names such as ‘ wicked ’ , ‘ sly ’ , ‘ hateful ’ .
When they reached the sixth form all the ones that would have mocked them with rude and offensive names had left . ’
It was also a job in which Selina was able to be in charge , or so she thought .
After the overthrow of Mossadeq in 1953 , the United States began to replace Britain as the dominant external power in Iran — through many older Iranians ( like Muhammad Behbehanian ) continued to believes for decades that it was the British who really still were in charge and that the Americans were only British stooges .
The cinema debate screened on Channel 4 between four film-makers from countries not usually represented on the screen ( India , the Philippines , Lebanon , and Brazil ) , which took place under the auspices of Women are in charge , was perhaps especially effective in this way , not only because it called attention to the existence of cinematic traditions outside of the ones we usually view , discuss , and study , but also because the four women film-makers involved in the debate took up such diverse positions .
With Botha being in charge the ‘ Boks demonstrated their strength at running first phase possession by scoring late tries through Gerber ( 2 ) and Muller before the clock curtailed their late assault .
She is in charge and the people she meets have to dance to her tune if they are going to get on with her .
Futch , 82 next birthday and a father figure among America 's great boxing trainers , is the man who is in charge in heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe 's gym , and it 's now certain Wayne will box in a down-the-card role when Bowe defends his world title in either Washington or Atlantic City two months from now .
WHO is in charge
These are two of the final resolutions of an international conference on women , media and advertising , entitled ‘ Who is in charge ? ’ which took place in Manila , Philippines , last year , bringing together more than 150 participants from 25 countries .
He 's in charge on taxes now
British trade union leaders were , it seemed , being called upon to pay the piper when they were not even being allowed to be in charge .
The writer often was in charge and imposed his ideas on the art director and visualiser , as a junior art director was then called .
We were in charge .
The environment is in charge and the strategic behaviour of individuals is a response to the circumstances affecting their lives .
De Gaulle was little interested in AFPs ’ He considered it normal that he who pays the piper is in charge : ‘ qui paie commande ’ .
I am in charge .
Mainframes were bought by Data Processing Managers in the olden days ; IBM could be in charge and set the standards .
The wind accentuated the faint slice and CARRIED THE BALL into the rough on the right .
Retiring players will not be penalised if their failure to retire 10 metres is due to the rapidity with which the kick has been taken , but they may not stop retiring and enter the game until an opponent CARRYING THE BALL has run five metres ’ .
with the baby under your arm , like a rugby or an American football player CARRYING A BALL whilst running .
The criticism in question being that he tends to CARRY THE BALL under the wrong arm …
Consequently , setting up detailed financial controls based only upon whether an SBU is considered to be a ‘ star ’ , ‘ business that generates a large or consistent profit ’ or ‘ dog ’ is also simplistic .
The discussion of the use of the portfolio goals in chapter 4 made it quite clear that SBUs labelled ‘ stars ’ will have quite different financial profiles from ‘ businesses that generate a large or consistent profit ’ or ‘ dogs ’ .
businesses that generate a large or consistent profit will be deprived of any further major investment .
We are softly up the stairs and into our room with less noise than a pair of thieves .
Although he was to become Britain 's most successful thief , Peace showed no early aptitude , and was frequently arrested .
Someone told some thief where to find that picture ! ’
Michael Caine stars as thief Henry Clarke , a master jewel thief who has himself committed to a sanatorium for alcoholics to gain the confidence of a multi-millionaire .
I was wandering between the stalls , searching , though with little hope to be honest , when a bright object attracted my attention : hanging from a music stand , beside the piano , was a three-inch knitted choirboy in pink and purple with white knitted ruff .
One in front attracted her attention .
A ripple near the shore attracted my attention and I swing the glasses quickly in case it is an otter — always a welcome sight !
Consumers who once stuck to favourite brands most or all of the time are now willing to try any item that attracted their attention .
She did not need to attract his attention now .
I attracted his attention .
Maggie kept attracting her attention with an expression of knowing amusement , but at the same time she obviously hated having these men stomping through her every possession and destroying any remaining magic in her secret chamber .
The first thing to attract my attention were the floats , and in particular the ones that suited my local river — the Trent .
A headline attracts his attention : ‘ LAWSON COUNTS THE COST AS TAX HOPES FADE . ’
I had hoped to have had the privilege of attracting your attention , Mr. Deputy Speaker , on the first day of this debate , when it is acknowledged to be a free-for-all and any subject can follow another .
Looking around the sparsely attended Chamber , I had a feeling that I might attract your attention sooner or later .
THE COPPER-COLOUR RUST STAINS FROM RAGGED WINDOW-SHUTTERS THAT DRIP DOWN OCHRE-COLOURED STONE attract my attention FREQUENTLY .
He 's looking away so that you can not attract his attention ; he 's also looking away because what he can see over your shoulder is more interesting than your shoulder .
Emily ignored him and he slumped down in a chair , trying to attract her attention .
From under his eyelashes he could see Mrs Morgan was watching her husband with a sort of furious compassion , and was careful not to attract her attention .
If he attracts your attention , Mr. Speaker , the hon. Gentleman may have an opportunity to raise the matter in the debate that is to take place later this afternoon .
Sometimes , when a party of you are trudging through boggy ground , battered by wind and rain , you attract somebody's attention and the whole thing seems ludicrous .
As Crilly is taken back into the cells , he attracts my attention .
It is useful to start with a copy of the advertisement which originally attracted your attention , for the reasons mentioned in Chapter 1 .
This was an ingenious wheelchair attached to the front of a bicycle ; and lastly as I left , I had a word with Stefan Sielaff from Germany , who had designed a fantastic three-wheeled single seater vehicle in fibreglass , that was attracting everyone's attention !
These lovely curls and the pretty floral headband attracted our attention .
A big black Labrador , attracting his attention , thumped her tail and rolled on her side , looking up at him hopefully .
Apply false eyelashes and really attract someone's attention !
Among the slow-moving crowds slender , graceful Annamese girls wearing traditional skilken ao dai attracted their attention again and again .
The Marines were staring morosely out to sea , when a glimmer of unusual movement attracted their attention .
although sparkling grains , compelling nostalgia , attracted our attention
Age : 25 Fave Labels : Everything and anything that attracts her attention .
When she took off her glasses the sun CAUGHT HER EYES and made them flash like green torches .
‘ Just my knickers , ’ she murmured , attracting my attention .
At first , in the fading light , we could see nothing but the icy path , the snow-covered trees on either side — but then the flicker of a candle flame attracted our attention .
Franca had now perfected a method of smiling at everyone , but never attracting anyone's attention .
attracting his attention again , she blinked and quickly looked away .
She said that she 'd be happy with wine so he attracted somebody's attention and asked for a carafe of the house red .
attracting my attention the young medic grinned and gave a thumbs-up sign .
What attracted my attention were its maps .
Even though it attracted his attention , so that he was actually watching when it happened , the figure that leapt from the blackness was only a silvery blur , moving with breathtaking and unreal speed .
( The theory was he was thinking deeply
The subject under discussion is that old chestnut , public or private financing of the arts , but there is a particularly exciting line-up of speakers to think deeply .
chatting , women spill the beans
Following its fellow Motorola Inc 88000 travellers , Dolphin Server Technology AS ( UX No 376 ) and Harris Corp 's computer division ( UX No 380 ) , Data General Corp — which admits to having chatted over alternative RISCs , but has decided to stick with the 88000 series ( UX No 376 ) — is expected to announce its own plans for systems based upon the next generation 88110 shortly , likely to include a complete re-haul of its existing AViiON workstation and server series .
This is not a book about the experience of watching them , a collection of weird scenes inside the cinema : ‘ We were chatting , telling stories about peculiar things that had happened to us at the cinema , trying to top each other .
chatting before this meeting in that shit-hole of a place some berks will tiresomely insist on dignifying as a ‘ foyer ’ — frenchified bloody nonsense — a parent quizzed me on my attitude towards the teaching of English .
chatting last week , Santa Cruz Operation Inc observed that ‘ the Advanced Computing Environment was just a figment of the ACE consortium 's imagination . ’
Miguel chased a CHICKEN OUT of the open window , and went across to his wooden desk and makeshift filing cabinets .
Think I 'm just backing out from fear ?
Angrily , Martha flounced into the yard and flushed the CHICKENS OUT of the bushes and into the pen where they passed the night , fiercely calling ‘ shi-shi ! ’ to the birds with the resentment she felt towards her unreasonable grandmother .
What if he had not left yet — she could ring him and tell him she 'd backed out from fear , and he could flap his wings and tease her but at least she would not have to — oh , hell , here he is , she thought , and watched as the huge bike rolled to a halt and he switched off the engine and hauled it up on the stand .
From now on smokers must record their time of departure and go to a special room for each cigarette break .
Under the new policy , anyone working on the twelfth floor will need to go down to the first floor to record their time of departure , to the fourth floor to find a smoking room , down to the first to clock on again and back to the twelfth to carry on working .
so she said I , I went in and I said to Geraldine I 'm going I owe you any bloody money take the bugger out me wages , she says I am not having people that I like being stabbed like that by people like that , she said she is not worth the salt of the earth , she 's the salt of the earth she said with people like that pointing to Jenny and Jane , no way , she said and I 'm going with my mates , I turned round and the next thing Janet and Janet and Barbara in there , when we got up the pub at twelve o'clock , course we were all having sandwiches me and Pam got the , me and er Barb got there , then Pam come in then a few more come and erm then the plumber and all that come in with them and I said oh girls we never recorded our time of departure , so I said oh well I 'm going to have to take my key back to Steve , burst out laughing , so I said oh no I said why do not we have a key cracking competition so of course that 's what we did we all took our keys out of our bag and we went ready for she 's a jolly good ready , steady , fellow , for she 's go and we cracked these ruddy keys and shoved them up in the air
She wondered , as she washed the dishes and Memet lay on the sofa with his feet on the cushions , whether some ancient warlock had ever discovered a truth drug while digging around among his herbs in the dark of the moon or even whether there was not some artificial chemical compound which would produce the same result and cause her lover to confess about his dealings with women .
Now some of his players are saying it 's time he confessed and declared his intentions .
‘ be honest with me , Mister Cowley .
The Profitboss confessed : with his boss , with his people , with his colleagues .
And it is thought the boss did a ‘ Paddy Ashdown ’ by confessing before the affair was revealed in a newspaper .
THIS MONTH SHE EXPLAINS THE FUNCTION OF TRADE ASSOCIATIONS , OFFERS SOME ADVICE ON HOME SHOPPING AND FINDS THAT WATER COMPANIES DO N'T ALWAYS tell the whole truth to THE CONSUMER
confessed . ’
confessing
confessing
‘ How can we tell whether the wretched creature 's legs are red or not , if it will not COME OUT FROM BEHIND that clump of grass ? ’
It seemed that the manager remembered it plainly , too , because as they entered the restaurant , he CAME FROM BEHIND his desk like a bolted rabbit and , before Frau Nordern had time to speak , assured her that everything would be in order if only , his hands out wide , beseechingly , if only the gnädige Frau would give him a date .
My soundblaster convinced me that there were footsteps COMING FROM BEHIND me .
Francis was not totally disconsolate and added : ‘ The way our fans CAME BEHIND us is the best I have ever heard it here , and I hope it continues .
And they COME FROM BEHIND the screen !
Wolves may not howl here in the moonlight , as they did in the journal of Jonathan Harker , but I have no difficulty in seeing Slains as he saw Count Dracula 's castle in Bukovina , the tall black windows from which not a glimmer of light came , and the jagged battlements glimpsed when the moon CAME OUT FROM BEHIND the fitful clouds .
And you know the bit where erm she 's in bed and the hand COMES OUT FROM BEHIND the pillow and it goes over the back of her head and she goes , she goes , she was so cute she goes , she goes , what a pile of shit ! and when , you know when she cleans up all the cornflakes ?
that COME BEHIND the
It used to be very covert but now we are COMING OUT FROM BEHIND the bushes . ’
With that , Dick changed course , and in a short while they CAME UP FROM BEHIND the Shuttle .
Kolchinsky CAME ROUND FROM BEHIND the desk and the two men shook hands .
As you turn to leave , he COMES ROUND FROM BEHIND his desk and thrusts his face next to yours .
And Ruth CAME BACK FROM BEHIND the screen with a white paper in her hand , brightly painted green and mauve .
overcoming a deficit to win Christopher Harvie on how the Scottish Tories played the electoral game for all it 's worth
In the century which Canadians believed belonged to them , poetry had reached maturity .
János Hunyadi was regent of Hungary during the minority of King Ladislas V , but had to step down at the very moment of the fall of Constantinople when Ladislas reached adulthood .
The text of Fonda 's book , Women reaching adulthood ( 1984 ) , exhorts women not to ‘ think thin' , and its theme is mainly that of health .
The heritage language issue was a signal that Canada 's non-Anglo immigrant communities were reaching maturity .
It is doubtful that such activities can be interpreted as remnants from pre-communist society , soon to disappear as socialism or communism reaches maturity .
PUERTO RICO reaches maturity
XVT 's VERSION 3 SEES GENERIC WINDOWING SYSTEMS reach maturity
While at the same time as not merely revealing about his sexuality — in fact , by hardly admitting there was a closet there at all — he was also locking so many of his innermost thoughts away .
‘ The queers are all revealing their sexuality after last year 's legislation , ’ Adam said .
Just when you thought it was safe to reveal a secret .
Well , volunteers for the diet seemed to be appear unexpectedly !
‘ But , ’ Frick went on , ‘ if we are to take our rightful place in history , then it 's time we appeared unexpectedly . ’
Something 's appeared unexpectedly …
We will appear unexpectedly .
A massive industrial crisis reached a critical stage in late 1991 and early 1992 with widespread industrial unrest in some areas as Spain began to restructure its loss-making steel , coal , shipbuilding and other sectors and withdraw subsidies in preparation for the EC single internal market in 1993 .
The team manager was well aware of it , knew that it was reaching a critical stage , but took no action .
Usually , however , the painful lump reaches a critical stage , and there is relief when the pus bursts out , carrying with it what is left of the invading bacteria .
This issue had reached a critical stage in July , with the tabling of a no-confidence motion in parliament , and the live broadcasting of the July 18-20 debate on national television .
Arguments about carbon emissions are expected to reach a critical stage in the forthcoming UNCED " Earth Summit " to be held in Rio de Janeiro in June 1992 , where a global warming treaty is expected to be signed .
He reached a critical stage .
On to the main road , which runs through the island and , apart from the sheep eking out a sparse living on the dead heather , there is little moving until I COME TO THE HEAD of Whalfirth , a long arm of the sea which pushes in from the west until it nearly cuts the island in half .
They got into a fight in Jersey last weekend and Speedie was fined £50 in court .
‘ Lapointe and the other Frenchman get into a fight after the accident , or what ? ’
The fifty percent share holding has worked well , because what it means no one person can impose their will , no one has control , you have to resolve problems by agreement , resolve disagreements without getting into a fight .
If someone from Faraj gets into a fight with someone from Fadhil , all the members of the groups descended from Muhammad should unite against all those descended from Mahmud .
There was also consideration for two railways , one from Beverley and one from Bridlington , neither of which was succesfully brought to completion .
However , financial uncertainty , a low priority attached until recently to rural schemes by the Housing Corporation and problems associated with its national-scale administration , coupled with some rural planning restrictions , have meant that only a very small number of the schemes of this and other organizations have successfully been brought to completion .
The Committee , in conjunction with the Information Technology Sub-Committee under the Chairmanship of , set a list of aims and objectives for the forthcoming year most of which are ( as appears below ) successfully being brough to completion .
Perhaps my attempts to undermine the managers credibility are successfully being brought to completion at last : - ) ) )
Other new routes successfully being brought to completion have included the welding together of the trans-Pennine services between Leeds and Manchester with those starting back at Newcastle , Scarborough , Hull and the main line to Liverpool , with connections to Chester and North Wales .
One suspects that it is to demonstrate what the attractions of the famous Museum Island will be when the plan favoured by the Berlin museums supremo Dube but hotly contested by many museum professionals is successfully brought to completion , for Dube has decided that the island is to be dedicated entirely to these archaeological collections , while the fine arts all move over to the western side of the city to more modern museums .
She had become reconciled to with Newley 's affair with Arabella ; she believed that she had her husband precisely where she wanted him .
Since it is inevitable , I wish I could become reconciled to it , but I find the only way I can cope at present is to avoid thinking about it .
The bloody girl was in Bali , hiding , and trying to become reconciled to being exposed in the News of the World .
Through marriage he created the possibility of consciously knowing about and becoming reconciled to his own painful experience of loss .
It emerged that he was not a match for her strength , ability and intelligence and , in time , she became reconciled with the reality that she was better off without him .
Hack weaves objects and memorabilia from her past , the images are loaded with autobiographical references as the artist retraces the steps of her ancestors and becomes reconciled to her own past .
WONAM 'S EDITOR MARY RIDDELL TRIES TO become reconciled to THE LATEST MEN 'S TALK
At a 1988 Police Foundation Conference ‘ becoming reconciled to Policing ’ ( ed .
becoming reconciled to the fear that we all feel when in danger is different from being fearless .
become reconciled to minor health problems and take time to learn how to manage them .
Nothing has been revealed to us to indicate that the following statements made in the directors ' report are unreasonable in all the circumstances :
They knew from entries in the deceased 's diary which had been revealed to them that the new will would be in favour of the first defendant .
I will spring a tear , assume a formal military posture and salute that old Scottish soldier who took an alien handed to feed his family and still bring honour to the 91st of Foot .
As he had expected , the sentry assumed a formal military pose automatically at the suddenly terse voice .
Would not look too good , just as it would not look too good to the Führer if the facts had been revealed to him . ’
It 's just been revealed to me that he might have corresponded with Christabel LaMotte .
9.1.3 undertakes that it will promptly disclose to the other Parties and to the Secretary of State any facts or circumstances which have been revealed to it indicating or suggesting any infringement or material risk of infringement of any patent or other Intellectual Property Right of any other person not being a Party to this Agreement through the expected mode of use or exploitation of its own results or background provided always that this undertaking shall not be deemed to impose or imply any specific obligation to undertake any patent searches of intellectual property rights or make any enquiries .
It seems that the police record about two-thirds of the property crime that has been revealed to them , and about half of the violent crime .
Capron said it had been revealed to him that I 'd been meeting you and that it had to stop . ’
But one was revealed to us this week from a Pest Control company : ENTOMOLOGICALLY YOURS …
Anyone who has ever suffered at the hands of military pomposity will relish the story of General Patton inspecting a hospital in France and screaming abuse at a man for not assuming a formal military pose in his presence , only to be told ‘ Run along , asshole .
There was evidence that the book , if published , would almost certainly be revealed to her , and would cause her gross psychological damage .
But he adds , ‘ there is an increase in the number of cases being revealed to us ’ .
It had become a reality in Jesus himself .
Picture your dream becoming a reality
For Marjorie Wallace , the dream became a reality , a thousand times over , when she won the Miss World crown .
The Glebe School pupil is very fond of dogs and PC John Baines , who is involved with the ward 's Dreams become reality charity , arranged for her to spend the day with members of the police dog section .
In the meantime , the lads bludgeon out wodges of cacophonous , shapeless noise , like ‘ Waiting For The Wolves ’ and ‘ Hope Your Dreams become reality ’ , which revel in being unlistenable squalls far away from the succinct migraine catchiness of that hit single .
A schoolboy dream becomes reality for Bill
MOTHER TERESA 'S BIG DREAM IS becoming reality
TRAGIC JESSICA 'S DI DREAM becomes reality
becomes reality from seed .
DREAM become reality ROCKS ELLEN
Police blockades forced them to proceed on foot , and as the march approached the border the following day it was subjected to intense criticism from the security forces .
The Scottish Office has been subjected to intense criticim for failing to increase capital spending on social work .
Away to the north , Israeli cities had COME UNDER FIRE from Iraq 's Scuds , with Tel Aviv and Haifa being the first targets .
Business Monitor : Cheap loans ‘ fixer ’ is subjected to intense criticism
Nobutoshi Akao takes office at a time when the country is increasingly being subjected to intense criticism from environmentalists for ignoring global priorities .
Not surprisingly , he was subjected to intense criticism in the House of Commons .
At about 17.30 , Chester CAME UNDER HEAVY FIRE and all the gun crew except Cornwell were killed .
Less than a year later Rust and Sabrina were on a routine stakeout at the Marseilles docks when they had COME UNDER HEAVY FIRE from a gang of drug smugglers and Rust was hit in the spine , leaving him paralysed from the waist down .
IRISH Prime Minister Albert Reynolds subjected to intense criticism by unionists last night after he spoke of the importance of the Republic 's constitution to nationalists north of the border .
By night the solitary road from Verdun CAME UNDER CONSTANT FIRE from the German gunners , certain that French munition columns must be coming up it nose to tail .
Mr Hawke 's handling of the dispute has was increasingly subjected to intense criticism from business , unions and the press .
For a split second he experienced that same numbing fear he had felt the first time he had COME UNDER ENEMY FIRE .
Meanwhile England 's shell-shocked footballers were subjected to more intense criticism yesterday for insulting American goalkeeping hero Tony Meola during the 2–0 defeat in Boston .
Meanwhile , two French soldiers were slightly wounded yesterday when their building CAME UNDER MACHINE-GUN FIRE in fighting around Sarajevo airport , a UN spokesman said .
The man who has achieved that — and has record profits of $4.8bn in 1988 to prove it — is the GM chairman Roger Smith , hardly a charismatic revolutionary , but rather the quintessential GM loyal worker down to his sober suits and clean-cut features .
Erm , and when they did complain to somebody , like a loyal worker you know well that 's all the farther it went .
Though the Company is still evil and still tends to give its spacecraft Conradian names ( 'Sulaco' this time , instead of ‘ Nostromo ’ , suggesting that someone other than Ridley Scott had actually read Nostromo , the devious loyal worker , Burke ( Paul Reiser ) , is now the loner , and he behaves exactly like a Hollywood executive , or agent , intent on a deal .
loyal workers , like former world champion racing driver Jackie Stewart believe it 's a world beater .
The plant uses 960 sq metres of solar arrays built by the West German loyal worker .
Large firms are able to provide lifetime employment for their employees who are expected in return to be dedicated ‘ loyal worker ’ .
The book will examine the industrial changes that influenced the separate development of ‘ loyal workers ’ in America , Europe and Asia — men who now find themselves in competition with each other .
On the basis of a synopsis of loyal worker , an account of ‘ the evolution of the social phenomenon of the 20th century ’ , Michael Sissons received three bids at the same level , from HarperCollins , Heinemann and Random House .
It cost a lot — it 's an ordinary navy coat to me , and it cost as much as a fur . ’
All round , an interesting tool , that sits comfortably in the hand , is kind to the elbow , and does not cost a lot .
fantastic parrot and it costs a lot
When his or her car was not being illegally clamped , stolen , broken into , photographed by a Gatso camera or failing the MoT emissions test , it was costing a lot to insure .
It is no good you being a lazy individual and having a Dobermann , only to wonder why it seems so frustrated with its existence .
Leisure studies , interests and hobbies will keep you on your toes so if you 're a lazy individual or telly addict you 'd better change your ways .
Skol 's sales were up by 4% , thanks largely to demand from lazy individuals .
WRITE to lazy individual ; Liverpool Echo Features , PO Box 48 , Old Hall Street , Liverpool , L69 3EB .
lazy individual fans have launched an S.E.S …
lazy individuals can run the London Marathon , take an in-depth reccy around St Paul 's , and do nine rounds with Chris Eubank , all while tucking into a freshly-delivered deep-pan !
THE lazy individuals , Tonbridge
Scott nearly said , ‘ My wife is ill , ’ but he had lied too often : other people 's wives did not telephone the station as relentlessly as Annabel .
He accused her of lying and prepared to go riding on the Sandringham estate .
lying
Parents have been selected to become erm , relatively insensitive to signs of distress in the offspring , because erm , as where they lie all the time , and as a result , erm , parents do not take crying as seriously in children as they do in adults .
Treasurers suffer the erm , the occupational hazard that they always , to some extent , have to lie .
Boy who lied
and where you do not to sneer
‘ You 're concerned for my face , ’ said Harry , sneering .
Finally , a sad , resigned smile CURLED HIS LIPS .
Rose Williams , eating her dinner at some little distance from them , turned away pointedly , sneering .
The latter was aptly named , so tart that the first gulp CURLED YOUR LIPS back .
The priest looked around at them and sneered .
Its ears were back in anger , its eyes rolled , and the horse CURLED ITS LIPS , revealing the foam on sharp , yellow teeth .
( They will already have sneered at a book such as this and moved on . )
Amber was forced to notice him , but instead of apologising , she sneered into an ugly snarl .
And she positively sneered with disdain .
A dog will generally give an indication of its intention to bite , by growling and CURLING ITS LIPS first .
And although many architects still find it hard to say Charles 's name without sneering , most of them do admit that by bringing the whole subject into the public domain , architecture has had a much-needed shot in the arm .
is sneering .
Had I been allowed to puddle around on my own , people today might sneer at Faldo 's approach .
‘ A small one would do , ’ said Druellae , watching him sneer in a frenzy of anger and embarrassment .
She turned her head to look at him , her eyes twinkling red-gold with the firelight , a touch of a smile CURLING HER LIPS .
‘ They could hiv CUT MY THROAT I never felt a thing . ’
He always insisted that ‘ an attempt was made to CUT MY THROAT but the razor slashed a quarter of an inch too high .
I would have CUT MY THROAT rather than grow up to be like my Mam .
For to rob a person of her virtue is worse than CUTTING HER THROAT .
She 'd bought a lawn edger sharp as a razor , sharp enough to CUT YOUR THROAT with .
Then Miguelito CUT YOUR THROAT good so you don' feel nothin' . ’
And in trying to protect the future of Europe 's television manufacturers , may actually be helping them to bring about their own failure .
You brought about your own failure already when you wrote the script for Connie 's disappearance . ’
They murdered a woman , CUT HER THROAT , after they brutally sliced her breasts , raped and burnt her over a fire ! ’
The knife CUT ITS THROAT .
The screams of a man who had tried to CUT HIS THROAT .
Tell 'er you will CUT 'ER THROAT if she do not come up with it .
But Ferguson , whose champions begin their European campaign against Honved on Wednesday , said : ‘ We are still top , so we have not brought about our failure too badly . ’
‘ You can let me know tomorrow morning if he brings about your failure , ’ said Joe .
Later on there is a figure in confrontation with a Barbie doll , who shows a vicious streak as she CUTS HIS THROAT and asks , almost as though she were offering a round of toast , ‘ one slice or two ? ’
If he were in the very act of CUTTING HIS OWN THROAT , how could Harry have stopped him ?
Conference organisers may well be bringing about their own failure in the long run if they try to wring the last penny ( or cent ) out of the latest bandwagons .
CUT MY THROAT ?
He had promised himself that he would not get too involved with her , but at this moment he could no more have parted from her than he could have brought about his own failure .
A bus travelling from Haifa to Nahariya in the early spring of 1948 was stopped by Arabs who took the five Jewish passengers from the vehicle and CUT THEIR THROATS .
‘ As for the Copts , I will CUT THEIR THROATS and dance in their blood . ’
So surely if the government er , have , can not have the money they bring about their own failure ?
At times I felt like CUTTING MY THROAT as the depression conjured up by the story spilled over into the auditorium .
She might as well withdraw from the losing situation and take off for Phobos or Longevity , see if there was anything there , see if there was anyone that had not flown down for carnival .
‘ C'm on now , ’ challenges La Tribune , ‘ is not it time to withdraw from the losing situation and simply sell the company ? ’
One solution was to withdraw from the losing situation and sell to television .
Meanwhile Rover , the volume car division , withdrew from the losing situation only marginally , from £52 million to £49 million in the year .
Deciding to withdraw from the losing situation , I fled Ulm and promptly got lost in one of its industrial suburbs .
If , as some think , the French are at last withdrawing from the losing situation in the Ivory Coast , they may use their influence to leave something healthy behind .
The conglomerate , acting through its ‘ directing mind and will ’ , does not deal in its own shares ; instead it uses information generated by its clients ( or , on occasion , information generated from within the conglomerate itself ) to make profits , or to withdraw from the losing situation , by trading with the public , or even by giving advice to clients , at a time when it ( the conglomerate ) has access to unpublished price sensitive information pertaining to publicly traded securities .
SIEMENS NIXDORF HOPES TO withdraw from the losing situation THIS YEAR , BUT TURNOVER WILL NOT INCREASE
I believe he must withdraw from the losing situation on a number of individuals .
Royal Insurance withdraws from the losing situation by two-thirds
I hope Wilko withdraws from the losing situation with our Brian and then goes out to look for a decent striker .
‘ We may have to withdraw from the losing situation in that direction . ’
In return the states agreed to co-operate with the federal government in reducing duplication of health and welfare services , withdrawing from the losing situation in state-owned businesses , co-ordinating infrastructure spending , and harmonizing regulations in areas such as environmental protection and professional qualifications .
‘ withdraw from the losing situation , Woolley . ’
But Mrs McWhirter , withdrawing from the losing situation , spent most of her time away , on the excuse that she was nursing her mother ; and the daughter , if she felt like coming home , preferred to regard home as where her mother was .
Following the pipeline in Saudi was wonderfully helpful .
A drink of fruit juice can be wonderfully helpful for 6 year old Peter Chynoweth .
To go into Cambridge at this time on our brief off-duty periods was really wonderfully helpful and I used to go whenever I could , very often alone .
If something 's wonderfully helpful for medical use , then we will consider the transgenic animal route .
A scientist claims he 's invented a way of making charcoal which could be wonderfully helpful in third world countries desperately short of fuel .
Your quick response in an emergency could be wonderfully helpful for your child .
The Royal Victoria Hospital , Belfast , wonderfully helpful
Potentially wonderfully helpful .
The well , once wonderfully helpful for the villagers of Stoke Row , is now an intriguing curiosity for visitors who must be surprised by this touch of India in an English landscape .
I must say this drink Liza has given me is wonderfully helpful .
He is A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation , revealing himself by deeds .
He was a straightforward patriot , and , most of all , A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation , who was at the same time a man of natural sensitivity towards suffering .
He scorned them as A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation must despise all faint-hearts .
As A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation — as he never tired of telling people — he had stuck his multi-million-pound Granny Bond idea together on the back of an envelope in a couple of hours after the introduction of Budget changes which made it possible .
Almost 30 when he was finally crowned at Scone , and with his naturally introspective , melancholy temperament soured by long , enforced idleness , he drove himself to become A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation and set about destroying those who had grown rich and powerful in his absence , especially the Albany faction .
‘ I 'm not exactly A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation — that kind of action .
Fraser and Ramsay had agreed that , since it was all the latter 's idea and the former was A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation rather than words , Ramsay should do most of the talking .
‘ The older boy is angry — but then , Ankhu is A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation .
Devotees of the Hitchcock film will be gratified to hear that Buchan 's book is even more chock-full of incident , cross-country chases , gung-ho and derring-do : a stirring monument to the days when A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation might still be possessed of a stiff-upper-lipped charm and accomplishment .
An expert shot , a big-game hunter , fisherman , and gentleman farmer , he was A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation rather than of intellect , of few words , and those often blunt and laconic .
Karadjordje , as A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation and a mighty leader , was impatient with the idea that he should submit his unbridled power to the arbitration of assemblies , courts and councils .
He is A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation , and has indeed been known to leave parts of the railway covered all over in ‘ sweet violets ’ .
He was A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation .
A person who prioritizes actions and deeds over discussion or contemplation all his life , David went into the Army in the RAMC as a young man and later trained as a State Registered Nurse in a civilian hospital .
He was a man who does not speak often or at length but many graphic gestures .
‘ Suspicious circs , ’ said Bush who was a man who does not speak often or at length .
Whether or not this is so , few would deny that Abbado is a sound choice , a man who does not speak often or at length who nevertheless commands great respect among orchestral players and is as highly praised for his Rossini as for his Mahler , his Mozart or his Brian Ferneyhough .
HUSBAND Ernst Hort was a man who does not speak often or at length .
He had a clear scientific mind but was self-effacing , modest , and a man who does not speak often or at length .
Most formidable of all is the Scots joiner grandfather , ‘ dour , stern , Calvinistic … a man who does not speak often or at length , just and honest in his dealings , but feared by his family . ’
Blitherdick , usually a man who does not speak often or at length , had become lachrymose about Blenkinsop 's enjoyment of a good wine .
A man who does not speak often or at length , but strong opinions , the England skipper is not prone to make rash assessments .
With a feeling of pain I will bid them adieu
BRITISH actress Emily Lloyd is all smiles after watching the Hollywood premiere of In The Soup — but she 's nursing a feeling of pain .
The computer runs through the song while the serenader adds nuance and expression , straight from his own feeling of pain .
The role of the lonely outsider with a feeling of pain but crusty exterior is this time taken by Irish actress Brenda Fricker , grimed up to her red eyeballs as a bag lady with a pigeon fetish .
Whenever the horses were changed on the journey , I wondered with a feeling of pain whether to get down and go back to say goodbye properly .
Coldness ran through her , turning her limbs to ice , her feeling of pain to stone .
This light emulsion contains an ultra-fine powder ingredient which sits on the skin and alters the rate at which light bounces off it : the result is a complexion which refuses to look or behave more maturely .
behave more maturely , ’ Jacko said , half snarling .
It 's all very well keeping mentally flexible and all the rest of the who-har , but if you , er , my , my mother stopped and said to her many years ago , she said , you do not look your age , you do not behave more maturely , you do not sound your age , you do not think your age , but you are your age , and this is absolutely true , as you grow older , nothing will stop the fact that your arteries get a little harder , so that , you know , that you get raised blood pressure quite easily if your agitated and you are , for some reason you , you have to puff a lot more , I was reading about this just recently , and these are changes that take place whatever you do , you can exercise , and you can take vitamins and you can keep your weight down , but you age .
1 behave more maturely
Is not it time he started behaving more maturely ?
It just made the problem worse .
‘ Well , if you think it 's ridiculous , then so be it ! ’ she cried , determinedly made the problem worse .
Do not punish yourself for your old beliefs , or you merely make the problem worse .
Her racially prejudiced views did not help the matter , but it was what she was thinking rather than what she said which made the problem worse of her anger .
London 's Evening Standard was moved to make the problem worse and proclaim ‘ this year , the long knives were out ’ , but it was only the tall tales that were really in evidence .
Concerning the current strike he declared ‘ AFPFL originally had nothing to do with it but now they were backing it and he was finding difficulty in restraining some of his party from making the problem worse . ’
Trembling with relief , she bent quickly to ADD ANOTHER LOG TO THE FIRE , using the small task to break the heavy silence .
With or without the best will in the world they make the problem worse of our " obsession " .
Anya leans forward and ADDS MORE COAL TO THE FIRE .
making the problem worse is Deepa Kaur , the daughter of Rajah Man Singh , the Maharajah 's late brother .
She heard the sound of him dressing , but waited until she heard him ADD WOOD TO THE FIRE before sitting up .
The other woman was already sceptical — she could not afford to make the problem worse of her suspicions by biting Adam 's head off the way she 'd simply love to do .
He ADDED SOME COKE TO THE FIRE and left the room .
Phil Collins has become an essential focal point for the band , his success as a solo artist no doubt making the problem worse — and many more of the CD generation to the audience .
I liked to think you were more innovative than can be properly appreciated during your time in everything ! ’
In so saying , Fortescue had all but admitted that Henry V had been more innovative than can be properly appreciated during his time .
In many respects , Finniston was more innovative than can be properly appreciated during the time in the management policies he adopted during the period he was chairman of British Steel but he stresses that commercial strategy without enlightened personnel policies can never be successful .
Can a chimp plan AHEAD OF TIME , either on its own behalf or on behalf of its fellow ?
Like their Bristolian neighbours , the Frys , they were more innovative than can be properly appreciated during their time in fostering friendly relations with their factory workers .
Eventually neither proposal found favour , but they prove Francis Maginn to have been a man of vision and more innovative than can be properly appreciated during his time in his thinking .
He was not just more innovative than can be properly appreciated during his time , but a timeless figure whose prophetic words were cast as perceptive wit .
In truth , Gall and Spurzheim 's theory of localization was more innovative than can be properly appreciated during its time because there were no suitable methods available for testing it , although test it people did .
So were we in fact years AHEAD OF OUR TIME in house building I wonder .
AHEAD OF TIME !
AND more innovative than can be properly appreciated during its time .
In the management of their chemical business Brunner and Mond were more innovative than can be properly appreciated during their time in introducing such socially enlightened measures as sickness and injury insurance , apprentice education , shorter working hours , and holidays with pay .
But by then various other children were misbehaving too , so I sent them out , and suddenly I realized that half of my class was outside the door having an exceptionally fun experience !
And mummy will have an exceptionally fun experience .
We all had an exceptionally fun experience , drifting on the surface and drowning in the depths with the four fishermen .
have an exceptionally fun experience in San Diego
allusion to the saying ‘ Little pitchers eavesdrop ’ , meaning that children have very sharp hearing .
He is young , tall , well-built but HAS BIG EARS like Ian 's .
The axeman wore the first beard of a boy and HAD BIG EARS that stuck through his hair .
We HAVE powerful friends , they said .
HOW COMFORTING TO KNOW THAT WHEN ONE IS FINDING CITY LIFE A TRIFLE TIRESOME , ONE has powerful friends GRACIOUS ENOUGH TO INVITE ONE OUT FOR A DAY IN THE COUNTRY …
She had powerful friends everywhere , contacts in embassies .
The Achym family themselves , however , had powerful friends , including the powerful Lord Burghley , and were allowed to return .
‘ He HAS powerful friends … ’
We have HAD KITTENS .
It gets very predictable from here , folks , as the grumpy Crane — a leading biologist who nevertheless gets extermely upset at the sight of a snake — and dour old Campbell trade verbal punches and then simmering , sensual looks as they scamper about the jungle trying to rediscover the magic mix .
I was becoming enraged .
And becoming enraged , too — I …
‘ Sorry , ’ he said as Perdita nearly got very angry .
Why should you go clucking around them like a mother hen , just because they both got very angry ? ’
Moving on , and if I may say so , you have been precisely correct with your reference to the registration and its rarely stated function to boost the circulation of the LTA 's own magazine .
Escapism , exactly , you have been precisely correct there Dee , escapism .
In an unusually perceptive liner note , Robert Layton is precisely correct when he says ‘ It is the exercise of true symphonic discipline that removes the Tenth from the private world to the universal ’ .
She might dislike Piers Morrison , but he had a knack of being precisely correct .
So much for the talk on with the race … the mountain bikers departed first … 144 set off from the start in the centre of town …
Cops departed
That was in 1984 , a year before Charlton departed to Selhurst and Upton Parks , and two years before Walsh signed on and decided to live in SE7 , because : ‘ I was promised we would be moving home to our own ground and wanted to live amongst fans dying to get back . ’
Teesside display departs
They came with a good suit on and they would go to work with a suit double breasted and then and they would work there and make a lot of money and when the next thing they would do they would hit into town and get all rigged out and then that was them from top to bottom from their hat right to their feet and then they were departing then .
1967 : Say hello to the Stax label , with initial releases that include ‘ Memphis Gold ’ , ‘ HIT THE ROAD Stax ’ , Booker T & The MGs ’ ‘ And Now ’ plus Sam & Dave 's ‘ Double Dynamite ’ .
departing AT P&O ROAD TANKS
A year and a half earlier , she had lost her previous camp home when a shell fired from the Israeli-armed Lebanese Christian enclave to the south HIT THE ROOF .
He became extremely angry when the pair left to set up home in a bedsit .
But Mortimer said that if it had been him he would have become extremely angry . ’
I 'm not going to become extremely angry but you 're not well , it 's not right .
Henderson did get a little help from his friends , in particular a massive 484ft third-inning home run from Jose Canseco on Saturday that came within 13 rows of HITTING THE ROOF of the SkyDome but dropped instead into the hands of a surprised Toronto fan .
becoming extremely angry …
becoming extremely angry : Tom Roberts outside his home , with the two Fiestas embedded in a pile o f debris swept along by the raging North Wales floodwaters Picture : JEFF PITT
before my da becomes extremely angry .
‘ Still , it 's about time he learned a few uncomfortable facts , do not you think ? ’
Maybe we should listen to our friends when they tell us a few uncomfortable facts .
‘ Witty , satirical , sketch-like poems on society which also hit hard at a few uncomfortable facts …
Onward : a race with a Chinese super-spacecraft , primitive life on Europa , salvage of the Discovery and HAL , Bowman 's disembodied return , many a gaudy travelogue , destruction/creation on a planetary scale , and uncomfortable facts about the relative cosmic worth of ourselves and slimy things on Europa .
He had some uncomfortable facts to impart and presented them without fear or favour .
He toyed with telling her a few uncomfortable facts , but then decided it would do no good .
This does not mean that I am not going to suggest some uncomfortable facts : only that I think they are truths , and not another uncomprehending outsider 's attempt to cajole , belittle or malign people who are struggling to do their best in a complex and stressful situation , and who know better than anyone else that their best sometimes is not very good .
During filming he became firm friends with Steve McQueen , who played a psychopathic , womanizing American bomber captain who tries to seduce his co-pilot 's English girlfriend , only to be told a few uncomfortable facts about his attitude to people and war .
‘ Well , maybe some uncomfortable facts about Alan Dysart , public servant and national hero , will make you reckon he deserves the marriage he 's got .
What he needed was someone to get him by the scruff of the neck , tell him a few uncomfortable facts and offer emotional stability .
Close to St. James 's Gate , Dublin , the clever friars of the Abbey of St. Thomas the Martyr , like their brothers elsewhere , were discovering some uncomfortable facts about quality control and the merits of allowing beer to come into condition .
Bush called for a rediscovery of " a " uncomfortable fact " that the American people have never really forgotten : this government is too big and spends too much " .
Heat Four — Tahiti Touch , Kilcloney Chief , Mr Holsworth , uncomfortable facts , Radical Prince , Barefoot Racer ( W ) .
uncomfortable fact
uncomfortable fact on benefits
The issue of ‘ reprivatisation ’ , as it is quaintly termed , is also politically sensitive , and the Polish Sejm has been throwing it back and forth across the Chamber like a difficult problem .
The case became a difficult problem for the government when Mr Yang was offered political asylum by Taiwan , China 's old foe .
It had become a political difficult problem , and time ran out as backers bickered over what tests to run .
That 's when you see the Colonel and his council playing pass-the-parcel with a difficult problem .
John Steinbeck 's saga of the Depression years was a political difficult problem when Hollywood mogul Darryl F Zanuck sought to film it in 1940 .
If it 's not a difficult problem it 's certainly not a cold potato
Put tomato pieces or whole cherry tomatoes among the drained , HOT POTATOES on serving plates and spoon sauce prettily over each serving .
Tom begins without guidance, assistance or preparation
Let's JUMP IN AT THE DEEP END — literally .
If it is too drastic to begin without guidance, assistance or preparation with such a sweeping change , why not try it out in experimental matches , festival or night matches ?
It is possible to begin without guidance, assistance or preparation , buy a farm , and teach yourself , learning by your mistakes .
And as Cram prepared to begin without guidance, assistance or preparation with a clash against Olympic 10,000m champion Khalid Skah in the BUPA International Festival of Running , race organiser Brendan Foster tipped his pal to rekindle memories of his glory days in his new event .
There had been suggestions that directors had acted prematurely by putting a figure to the fraud before Coopers had completed its report .
But that 's acting prematurely …
‘ Do not act prematurely ! ’
Pit project acts prematurely
acting prematurely
‘ I knew you 'd form judgements hastily , ’ Kitty said .
Unfortunately forming judgements hastily as a practice has a poor track record since , so frequently , they are proved to be inadequate or wrong .
She says when other people see a badly behaved child they form judgements hastily .
I smiled , nodding my head , not unhappy that he 'd formed judgements hastily , but surprised that he did not know the secret of paying by instalments .
I formed judgements hastily that I had no right to jump to . ’
They form judgements hastily and these conclusions are passed round in the staffroom .
It is only the natural caution of paleontologists that prevents them from forming startling judgements hastily .
forming judgements hastily
They form unwarranted judgements hastily without realizing they have done so , so that ‘ crossed-wires ’ and other misunderstandings arise .
In 1983 , observations from the IRAS infra-red satellite showed that it is associated with cool material which might be interpreted as a planetary system , though it would be most unwise to form any judgements hastily .
DO N'T form judgements hastilly .
‘ Madam , I wish you would listen instead of forming ridiculous judgements hastily ! ’
THEY form these judgements hastily
Tom Hanks was not a man who formed judgements hastily .
‘ Pardon me for forming erroneous judgements hastily .
But para-psychologists continue to form unchecked judgements hastily .
The telephone increases the likelihood of forming wrong judgements hastily .
It was heavy to GET ON BOARD singlehanded , but I 'd worked out a good method of lifting it with a spare halliard fitted with a simple purchase .
My top objective is to support because I believe she is the best person for the job .
‘ If I can GET ON BOARD ship again , ’ I said , ‘ you can have as much cheese as you want . ’
Somehow the Customs officers managed to GET ME ON BOARD their boat , with Herbert and Startop , but our boat sank , and the two convicts had disappeared .
Before she reached the precincts of Iona she made the round of the Sound of Mull , called at Tobermory , where she was unnecessarily detained by some shippers not having a lot of sheep waiting ; she sailed up Loch Sunart , GOT ON BOARD part of a flock of sheep at Salen Pier , landed them at Croag in Mull ; and now we made for the Isle of Coll , — the ‘ Sandy Coll ’ Sir Walter speaks of .
A business relies on a driving personality taking it forward , and the confusion about get someone's support who is working with you in the business and who is putting money board , is that they feel to some extent , proprietorial to that business , and you can find that that will result in those individuals who have done that tearing apart the business because they are trying to go in different directions .
support .
Before GETTING ON BOARD some of us walked down the platform to take photographs of Evening Star running round its train .
To get your support , to get you on my side .
Luckily the bus itself was delayed , and so they GOT THEMSELVES ON BOARD .
The lifeboat crew administered first-aid to the fisherman and despite the problems they managed to GET HIM ON BOARD their vessel and return him to shore .
But he irritates me .
irritate her .
That blinking election is irritating you
Lately Lizzy was irritating her .
eh , its a free country and you should be able to choose what you want to do yourself er , if something is damaging to your health then I would agree , yes , smoking I do not agree with smoking but if people want to smoke that 's entirely up to them , they know the risks , I would not smoke , I know the risks but vegetarianism is purely a matter of choice and there 's no peop people that harp on about you should not eat meat , irritate me
Roger : They irritate you .
and its irritating me .
‘ It 's irritating me , whimpering like that .
Pam loves children but she does not like them when they 're mobile , it irritates her .
Who d' ya really hate who really irritates you ?
She irritated you then , did not she ?
Elaine 's houseproud ways irritated him but he would rather them than this dirty cat 's way of living .
Well it was long and it was straggly and it irritated me !
irritates me that 's all .
Young women were beginning to irritate him .
Jim Bob very nearly loses the plot during the encores , extending every song by at least a minute with a series of unaccompanied vocal chants ( including the now familiar climax to their version of ‘ Another Brick In The Wall ’ : ‘ There is a song that will irritate you , irritate you , irritate you ! ’ ) .
There were other people in Hillmarden who also irritated her .
irritates me . ’
For him , the breakdown of working-class communities has meant that the traditional means by which men taught their relatives and apprentices how to hold their drink , and how not to allow occasional street brawls to become chaotic and unmanageable , have disappeared .
If peasants could become chaotic and unmanageable when the government was trying to raise a militia , it was not unreasonable to suppose that they would run amok on learning what the government meant by freedom .
At one point the obsession , especially on the part of the French , was with absorbing Germany ( or at least with preventing her from ‘ becoming chaotic and unmanageable ’ ) .
c ) They stop your libido from becoming chaotic and unmanageable .
But is there a limit to the amount of sex appeal you can dish out before the whole thing becomes chaotic and unmanageable ?
Parents are advised to get in touch before the situation becomes chaotic and unmanageable : ‘ We 're not a crisis-intervention centre , ’ they say .
And what these strikers were doing , they became chaotic and unmanageable , they were overturning motor cars , what few there were .
‘ I think so , ’ answered Mildred , though in fact she had made up the tale on the spur of the moment and it had somehow become chaotic and unmanageable .
Perhaps some drunken jape which became chaotic and unmanageable , or perhaps a calculated act of attempted murder .
I look in the same direction to account for the charming note ‘ Granovsky has become a bit chaotic and unmanageable ’ .
If you are having difficulty making your repayments , always seek help from your mortgage lender before matters become too chaotic and unmanageable .
FLAVOR 'S CLOCK becomes a bit chaotic and unmanageable …
‘ When I wrote it , ’ he remembers , staring at the floor like a child admitting to shoplifting , ‘ I was in the middle of a really , really serious obsession that became completely chaotic and unmanageable .
It 's became so chaotic and unmanageable , nobody could !
And she was equally furious with herself for letting things become so chaotic and unmanageable .
The bikers were a good crowd but could become a bit chaotic and unmanageable .
Who knows , if things become really chaotic and unmanageable , maybe the warring crack gangs of Oakland 's ghettos may be moved to declare a truce for the duration .
He had a feeling this was all becoming rather chaotic and unmanageable .
This harassment and unfair bias has now become totally chaotic and unmanageable and has become nonsensical .
Well we could a continued it for erm , well I du n no , but erm it was becoming a bit chaotic and unmanageable with the picket line really , cos there was a lot of these youngsters who were not prepared to do these picket line .
er it became terribly chaotic and unmanageable in the 19th century ; people throwing eggs from the top of the tower , the choristers and the people from the town blowing trumpets and all sorts of things , really riotous. er so it was reformed in 1844 er no more rotten eggs then and we do it very much as then ; facing the rising sun which was beautiful
Things were becoming compellingly chaotic and unmanageable with Henna Mickiewicz .
Of course sometimes landowners become wildly chaotic and unmanageable and need a bit of a spanking ( other than the one that some already pay for in their strange London clubs ) .
Do you have a formal qualification in electronics , or was it an interest that became slightly chaotic and unmanageable ?
All we and they can do is to resist the degeneration of a justified action of international collective security into a United States ' imperial ego-trip , to stop the affair becoming further chaotic and  unmanageable , and in doing so to prevent the UN , the only available base for world order , from falling into lasting discredit .
The mania for forming industry consortia is becoming so chaotic and unmanageable that a group of leading manufacturers , software developers and vendors are coming together to make some sense of it and eliminate duplicated effort by creating a single consortium to which everyone will be invited to belong : there is no confirmation of suggestions that the idea was the first initiative from new IBM Corp chief Louis Gerstner , who accedes to the top job today , but we hear that the army of companies is still bogged down arguing about what to call the thing — the best they have dreamed up so far is the Consortium for Object-oriented Methods and Programming for the Unix Terminal and Enterprise-wide Recasting of Interactive Networked Database Undertakings with Software Transitioning and Revision for Y'all , but they can not find a snappy acronym to fit the words .
‘ It 's been allowed to become quite chaotic and unmanageable .
The situation is becoming completely chaotic and unmanageable .
The austerity measures had already been introduced at the end of 1988 to tackle a reform policy which — it must be recognised — had become wildly chaotic and unmanageable .
the shock of it never recovered from the shock of it though
Once you have er recovered from THE NEWNESS OF IT the the the thing can be put in away in a drawer can be put back in it 's box .
She would recover from WHATEVER it was she thought she felt for him .
He had gone out of her life suddenly and without explanation and try as she might Theresa simply could not recover from LOSING HIM .
She could never recover from HER lucky escapes .
I could not recover from THE KINDNESS OF IT , his attention .
He meant well but how could Hari ever recover from THE SHOCK OF HER mother 's sudden death ?
‘ You do not recover from DISLIKING SOMEONE simply because you have not seen them for a long time . ’
I can never recover from liking YOU , Lucy .
‘ But it reaches a part where I can not wait any longer and I have got to try out whatever mod I have in mind .
That situation in general had reached a part where it was not conducive to creativity any more .
Yeah , so yeah ah you 're alright so you will say yeah course I 'm alright , there 's no fee , so eventually I address the main issue where I said look I did say there 's no fee involved but I 'd , I , that 's a bit of a lie because there is a fee for all the work I 'm er but it comes in the form of referrals , in the form of recommendation , not actual money .
But though silence fell speedily , Eachuinn Odhar took his time in addressing the main issue .
Gavin , you adopted and trained the , let's address the main issue .
‘ I go by there most days , ’ said the farmer , proving himself to be the sort of chap who does not mess about but addresses the main issue .
As the economic crisis has got worse , the attention the government has given to education has not addressed the main issue where instead of opening schools they are closing some of them , because — so they say — they can not pay the teachers ' salaries .
I mean , when you reach a part where you 're playing stadiums and it 's nothing special any more , you know something 's wrong .
The Exchequer was now demanding payment of the fines , and the duke was informed that the Earl of Mar , as Secretary of State , had secured a remission of the fine for one of his friends ; Montrose 's dependent , addressing quickly the main issue , inquired whether ‘ your Gr[ace] can without truble tip a wink to any of the Barrounes [ of Exchequer ] for Wattie and me ’ .
‘ But it 's reached a part where if a song is not real predictable radio fare then it 's regarded as left-field .
And it was this ability to address the main issue and to turn conventional wisdom on its head that earned him the respect of so many staff and others with whom he regularly had to confront thorny questions of Amnesty strategy and its relations with governments .
While this beginning is effective in showing organisation , it delays getting into the argument , and could be rewritten in the following way , which both demonstrates organisation less clumsily and addresses immediately the main issue : Since the terms " lyrical " and " epic " present special difficulties when used of Middle English works , it is useful to introduce discussion of works of the period with a brief analysis of these two terms .
‘ address the main issue can not you . ’
‘ How 'd they get in ? ’ asked Cowley , addressing the main issue .
We got votes against our proposals with no reasons given at all , you have now addressed the main issue of having no reasons at all for opposing what we want to do .
addressing the main issue where nothing matters except hearing those words …
I need to take action , work out exactly what I want , and then keep on telling him until he hears what I 'm saying . ’
Erm drawing the client , is he has confidence in us say , well York have taken action .
This is not a plea for historical recorders to take action and check facts first-hand — I think the forces of establishment and vested interest are too strong for that to work , and anyway it would not solve all the problems .
Humphrey Errington , milk & cheese producer The squabbling between the Department of Health and the Ministry of Agriculture shows that , far from taking action , they are in a total shambles .
It warns that unless the brewing industry takes action , the European Commission will impose sweeping changes on the industry .
It was not until sectorisation in 1983 and the creation by the then InterCity director Cyril Bleasdale of a special department to co-ordinate and develop charter-train operation , that BR began to take action .
If I were just starting zandering from the beginning I would not even consider night fishing for them until I had taken action in the daytime .
Leith knew then , when her mother began , ‘ Is not it exciting ? ’ that she was wasting her time expecting her to agree that it was about time Sebastian took action .
Erm , may I make a comment on neighbourhood watch , I went to er a job the other day , it was a theatre , I was off duty and er I got tapped on the shoulder by my local neighbourhood watch co-ordinator who said , nine months ago I resigned , I wrote a letter to headquarters , I wrote a letter to the divisional commander , and I wrote a letter to the local constable , and nobody 's replied to me and they still keep sending me papers are you going to take action , now I I have brought this up before , we never ever have let a neighbourhood watch scheme lapse , it 's nothing to do with you , this is all before you came
The feeling is growing that we should take action smartly if we are not to be left gongless at the end of a less deserving queue .
Rather belatedly the local Labour Party took action and , along with the Trades Council , passed resolutions condemning its own councillors .
• Tip : Accept your baby 's unpredictability as far as you can , and on no account blame yourself for it ( or listen to anyone who implies you ought to take action ) .
COLIN Montgomerie was yesterday fined £1,000 and told to take action by the European Tour chief executive , Ken Schofield , who was upset by his fellow-Scot 's criticism of the King 's Course at Agadir in last week 's Moroccan Open .
This young lady has taken action , not like some people who keep goats , who think that it is easy .
Coleraine manager Billy Sinclair said : ‘ We might have lost by six goals but took action .
a splendid initiative and it 's similar to the way in which the district council is now devolving responsibility for public toilets , and I 'm delighted that local government reorganization has been given a bit of stir that districts and county councils to take action .
taking action successfully also depends on the clothes you wear .
Ten days ago we had confirmation that a company was willing to offer a 7 night holiday in Cyprus which means that are now hurriedly taking action .
Then he takes action .
PAUL INCE is starting to reap the rewards for taking action in the past 12 months .
The market is currently dominated by Apple 's Macintosh computer and LaserWriter combination but the IBM compatible market is rapidly taking action with several new products scheduled for release by the end of the year .
take action Companies can enhance their cash flow by carefully managing their ACT
Ryder returned home alone to take action , eventually laying down the vocals on his own in the rather less glamorous surroundings of Surrey .
But , on taking action later the next day , Laura had been appalled to discover that not only had Ross already left for Australia — but she 'd been given a small attic room next to the children 's nursery .
‘ Including , please , names and addresses of anyone you spent time with , ’ he added pleasantly and saw her understand that he was serious and she had better take action .
It seemed to me that no one really took us seriously , or perhaps both the Cutter Service and the Investigation Division were still taking action.
TIME TO take action
They got the wrong island , wrong producers , so what do they know , going on about these mad drug stories and us not taking action ?
‘ If you are going to set up things for volunteers , you need to make sure that you have taken action because otherwise , if they just turn up and muddle along , they will not stay .
WIGAN boss John Monie has warned British rugby league : ‘ take action or you will never be world champions . ’
‘ In the meantime we have still got a couple of days left , and I 'd better start taking action , or my replacement is going to wonder what sort of service we have been running here !
‘ Only God can make a tree , ’ he said , ‘ but we can help him now and then .
But if you get up and help me
‘ When th have had th'drink and polished off those breakfast dishes , Mrs Salt says to help me . ’
‘ They are such good supporters , we decided to make them an introductory offer on the new wallpaper and help them to put it up , ’ said Boro marketing manager Mitch Hatfield .
said I am not helping you , standing eating chips
She is too slow , he is already out , waiting , standing unembarrassed on the platform ready to help her .
Gazzer leaned over as far as he dared and helped her , holding on to her arm while she helped Simon to hoist himself up .
With some innovative thinking on the way new energy taxes are applied , Mr Lamont might even help Michael Heseltine , the President of the Board of Trade , who is struggling to find a way out of the controversy over plans for pit closures .
I walk with a frame so Karen helped me and took me round and introduced me to people . ’
The Frome Turnpike Trustees have returned to the scene ; the powers vested in them by previous legislation having been insufficient to meet their needs , they were now helped on 19 June 1797 , with :
‘ Mr Oakley tells me that you 're going to help us .
Want to help drag it in ? ’ and , ‘ Where 's the mushroom basket ?
‘ help you , ’ Newman assured him cheerfully .
And a call came over the radio that there was a problem with one of the pumps downstairs , so seeing I had nothing better to do at that time I went downstairs to help them .
We swam back to the boat , I climbed up the steps fastened near the stern , and helped her .
‘ By the way , Chief Inspector , can you give Ken a ring and think about helping him with that robbery case ?
‘ If you 're doing nothing , how about helping me ?
Instead , hoping to expedite matters , he squatted down beside them and helped them .
‘ help us — it 's a bit muddy here ,
I have worked out Tweed can not drive for ever — even if Paula Grey helps with the wheel .
I would have thought if she would have sat in the chair , I mean well she could not go the week aha I do not young enough yeah , about a month ago she just peed of somewhere and some , I do not know , she 's alright , I said yes she will be alright , I said I 'm going to start cooking so she said I got to take these Heather , I said well they will travel better in there , your father said you know Jane he said if you 'd helped her
help me up . ’
‘ help us with the steps , ’ he said to Antony .
One would even be delighted to help him .
The notion of helping a new literature produced against these overwhelming odds would naturally appear to her to be anathema .
Do you think you can manage the walk back to Three Colt Street , if I help you ? ’
He helped him with a large oil drum , and then another , as Nell , tearing herself from her appointed task , dragged over a bench .
help us
‘ help her with her packin' .
the clearing up , they always helped , but even so , they , they did not realise that the three weeks before hand
‘ Here , Da , I will help you . ’
By the middle of February , when the Shah had been in Morocco more than a month , it had become common gossip in the diplomatic corps that Hassan was snubbing them .
She was sure that at some point she 'd snubbed someone and hurt them badly without noticing .
Will they snub me ?
But Aldi says it has had trouble : the Office of Fair Trading is investigating Aldi 's claim that suppliers , frightened of affronting their main customers , have been snubbing it .
Her face seemed familiar , but it was some time before he realized that she was the curly-haired bit who had escaped him some months back .
Somewhere and somehow she 'd escaped them , shinned down the mat of Virginia creeper in the darkness and scuttled across the lawn to hide .
She was a very nice girl named Eugena , I think , and there were guards at the end of the hotel corridors , I remember escaping them and wandering around Khabarovsk on my own in a snowstorm , only to be told the next day that there was quite a bit of excitement in the city during the night because a Siberian tiger had come into the city and was wandering the streets at the same time I was !
… manages to escape his mother by claiming the need to ‘ go to the lav ’ .
Apart from Fedorov , that fellow who escaped us the other evening might turn up . ’
Perhaps he thought that , and he 'd escaped me .
Mrs Westaway is usually very good at keeping him under control , but he must have escaped her somehow .
It was housed in a block that included flats-for the use of repertory company members , and it was here that Crawford managed to escape his chaperon for a couple of days , feeling that at sixteen he was old enough to look after himself .
‘ Well , owing to some inexplicable negligence , ’ — he sighed and shook his head — ‘ they seem to have escaped us . ’
When you had finished there , there was somebody on duty to escape you .
Now he has done , escaping his teachers at Liverpool Street Station .
But to find her meant escaping him , and she had not been too successful at that the last time .
But Llewellyn , as resourceful as his ancestors , escaped his pursuers and managed to find his way to the port of New Orleans where he boarded a ship bound for Ireland .
Then I escaped him and came to London . ’
‘ escaping them . ’
‘ And I have no intention of allowing you to escape me tonight .
A PRISONER was on the run last night after escaping his guards while he was visiting his dying mother in hospital .
‘ Or he will escape us . ’
And then he tried to escape us and run off .
Police were told and tailed Newall but he escaped them and fled from Britain on a yacht he inherited from his parents , a court in Gibraltar heard .
When Victor and I escaped them at Victoria station they knew we were onto them .
It was on one of these occasions that Guy Gibson was ushered into " Cocky's ' presence and , just prior to his appearance , the AOC had escaped me of paper with the names of about 20 pilots whom he asked me not to recruit — as a favour to him — which was his style .
After escaping their pursuers , the thieves abandoned the Cavalier .
They did not even see me escape them ! ’
Civil engineer GOES DUTCH
Page 29 splitting the bill : An international share issue and privatisation will follow the merger of two of the Netherlands ' largest banks , NMB and Postbank , the state-owned postal savings bank .
MERSEYSIDE Challenge ‘ 93 , which is being backed by the Echo , got off to a flying start this week when details of the ‘ GO DUTCH ’ motoring run to Holland were revealed to business and civic leaders .
BRITISH industry is GOING DUTCH , according to a new study .
But I always pay for myself .
That 's very funny , for example , I paid for myself because when we were small my brother run away .
If the project does not get into gear now and if we return to the planning stage , it will be decades before we get another scheme that is worked through to the present level .
Time to return to the planning stage .
When engineers return to the planning stage and create a new design , they do not necessarily throw away the ideas from the old design .
Professor John Ashworth , vice-chairman of the committee of vice-chancellors and principals ( CVCP ) , also urged Mr MacGregor to use ‘ a heaven-sent opportunity to return to the planning stage and look at the entire issue of how students are supported — grants , loans and fees . ’
The present system may not be perfect but it has worked pretty well and would be capable of improvement and adjustment without the need to return to the planning stage . ’
It is a ludicrous situation and we should return to the planning stage and start afresh . ’
I note that the Opposition 's tax plans have returned to the planning stage ; after five years of careful preparation , they have been ditched in a period of five weeks .
It is er as I see it they have returned to the planning stage with where the bands are actually how it 's banded .
That , however , is of scant consequence to coach Brian Gilbert , who ruefully reflected : ‘ At this late stage of the season it should be about polishing off moves , not returning to the planning stage .
CAROLINE CLIFTON-MOGG returns to the planning stage
risking everything
Even the club 's own supporters , fearful that full disclosure of the books to the Department of Industry could threaten Barnet 's very existence , now prefer to bury their frustration and risk everything , so to speak .
Stirling was risking everything .
The railway moguls went on to make fortunes while undiversified canal companies WENT BROKE .
INSURERS SET TO GO BROKE
risk everything , and be undeterred in your search for the possible dream .
The Blues ' Graham Marshall gets one in the eye as McIntosh of the Reds risks everything during his impressive Scottish Trial performance .
GONE BROKE , yeah .
Dave Rogers risked everything … went for the line on his own and made it … a great effort but Coventry held on to win by thirty four points to fifteen …
BIRDMEN risk everything !
‘ Because New York were giving me hell about employing you and I have done it without evidence or support .
‘ But to do it without evidence or support and take any bunch of morons , just those that happened to be around when he met Plumpton , and propose that they should do this thing — that 's really sticking your neck out .
Oh , no doubt about it , in nineteen seventy two , seventy one seventy two we , we did it without evidence or support really with that , erm when all other Fire Brigades were using telephone systems , the Suffolk and Ipswich Fire Service went out and did that .
Oh they , they say it 's all controllable so that I have , I have answered , I have not just let the Environmental Health wash over me I have actually written back to them again , er I will be interested to see whether I get a letter back from them , but I phoned up the Council this morning and they 're rejecting on two grounds , one is to do with the highway and the sort of the traffic situation coming in there , although the , the authority , the Highway Department are not objecting to it and the other one is erm , on local environmental issues I think you know that is , is unsuitably , unsuitable environmentally to the area well I can only say that I 'm grateful to the planning , to the planning offices for they 're doing it without evidence or support if you like because I think they 're on thin ice erm and so long as the committee will , will back them up I mean I do not know of what else I could of done as a person
Royal Mail secretary Sarah McKay doing it without evidence or support for charity
He treats the story as an introduction to the Parable of the compassionate selfless person ( see chapter 3 ) . )
Why then has a divorced man , who cheerfully admits he is the wrong side of 50 and used to a fairly fancy-free existence , decided to play a compassionate selfless person to Bosnian refugees ?
Kenneth O Morgan on the mixed-up Macmillan dynasty ; Valentine Cunningham on the decline and fall of Evelyn Waugh ; Veronica Groocock on Chad Varah , still the compassionate selfless person
Responding directly to perceived criticism from church as well as opposition leaders , she said : ‘ For every Pharisee our system produces , you will find at least three compassionate selfless persons . ’
compassionate selfless person Michael White was jailed for a year yesterday for sex attacks on two off-duty policewomen after a fancy dress party .
Should a victim die , they could find their compassionate selfless person act has cost them a lot more than the penny which was paid to the Jericho-Jerusalem Motel .
TWO ‘ compassionate selfless persons ’ helped a woman in a wheelchair across a busy Nottingham street — then snatched her purse .
And then the unfortunate O'Neill DROPPED THE BALL just outside his own 22 and Jonathan Griffiths kicked ahead to grab Saints ' fifth try .
Now I am sure that some readers will write to say that if the player is moving forward then if he DROPS THE BALL it must be moving forward also .
If anything their backs were worse , sometimes DROPPING THE BALL , at others slinging passes into eager Cambridge hands .
However , there is nothing in Law which prevents a player DROPPING THE BALL and then falling on it for a score .
Those who make a mistake return to number one and those below that number move up one place .
A lateral water hazard is defined as such when the Committee considers it is impracticable to DROP A BALL behind the hazard as Rule 26–1b states .
DROP : A player DROPS A BALL when he has hit out of bounds or lost his original ball .
He began to juggle , making it look as if he was just on the verge of DROPPING THE BALLS each time he caught them .
While the flair derived from street football in Africa is richly prized adjusting to a Wiltshire training PITCH IN January is not straightforward .
When your party was in power they barely provided one PITCH IN the whole of the county
Timpani give the best tone and most distinct PITCH IN the middle and upper half of their compass .
PITCH IN a well ventilated area .
Those without the necessary sewing skills sell cigarettes , and all are harassed by the police who raid their PITCHES IN the name of maintaining ‘ order ’ in the streets .
But Keith Fletcher , nursing a 2-0 defeat in his first Test series as England manager , was at pains to point out one of the root causes of the problems faced by Gooch 's side : the lack of dry , turning PITCHES IN the County Championship .
As they circled over Durham Cathedral , love-struck Niall proposed Carol , who was celebrating her 38th birthday .
Casey , here , here , he 's proposing .
Off you go alone , with my blessing , love , since it seems pretty obvious Penry intends to propose . ’
Well , at least this proposes even though rather coyly .
KATHRYN McWHIRTER proposes
Your partner standing behind you , PULLS YOUR LEG towards him gently .
For wisecrackers have been teasing them unmercifully ever since the sex and sangria saga hit the airwaves .
That quip could get you recommended to the witless corps , brother , ’ the speaker put in , ‘ Oh , I was only teasing her .
She tried her legs next , and they moved a bit within the straps , but her boots prevented her from PULLING HER LEGS through the loops .
‘ I will PULL YOUR LEGS . ’
He clasped and unclasped his wiry hands two or three times as though wringing out a rag , PULLED HIS LEGS on to the bed , sat back and replied in a raucous whisper .
‘ You 're teasing me ! ’
You do not have to say that but we all you know you 're you 're teasing them the whole time okay ?
‘ It 's all right , I 'm only teasing you . ’
And so of course they started teasing him then see ?
He showed outstanding bravery , PULLING HIS LEGS up until the very last minute .
I scuttered around until I was facing the doors and PULLED MY LEGS in just as they opened fully .
You will have to PULL MY LEGS .
We used to tease him about this , asking him if he could remember which one it was tonight , and it goes without saving that the two girls were not even on nodding terms with each other .
teasing them can come later , if and when rapport has been established .
‘ They used to tease me , but once they 'd had a go they soon changed their minds . ’
The other children teased him and generally teased him about what he had seen but the child strenuously defended his story ; somehow the fun had gone out of the adventure and they decided to return home .
Chatterton teased them slightly and said they had better be careful not to get on the wrong side of you again and Glastonbury did not know what the hell anyone was talking about .
ROMANTIC comedy about an egotistical TV weatherman who gets caught in a time-warp and decides to go out and have an enjoyable time and indulge his secret fantasies .
Tonight we 're going to go out and have an enjoyable time .
Based in the centre of Rhodes , close to all the activity , bars , restaurants and clubs , the Noufara is an ideal meeting place to have cocktails before going out and having an enjoyable time .
Inside , the hotel is comfortably furnished and the hotel bar , which has TV , English videos and video games , provides a lively and popular meeting place before going out and having an enjoyable time !
No , it would not have surprised me if he 'd been at his easel while I was going out and having an enjoyable time !
someone who loves parties
These were Clione , and I cam to think of them as someone who loves parties , always feasting and fighting and mating .
James , someone who loves parties !
Er , Eleanor Rebecca she 's actually quite someone who loves parties when she gets going !
WORLD someone who loves parties KARL WALLINGER enjoys the ever perky company of IAN McNABB
The person who secretly watches others was not himself likely in the circumstances to resort to violence , and the constable was certainly not .
Unfortunately , soon after that a copper spotted him doing his person who secretly watches others bit , followed him inside the studios and looked very strangely at all this expensive gear lying around .
Someone has remarked that , as more and more may legitimately be seen , voyeurism must be a dying occupation ; but the " person who secretly watches others " still exists .
‘ My name 's PEEPING TOM and I want to eyeball your luscious body , ’ Alex said .
Damn the man , she had not bargained for a person who secretly watches others role !
This person who secretly watches others has put his eye to the nick or cranny in our walls and peers shamelessly in .
The difficulty is well illustrated by the facts of Nicholson v. Gage , in which a person who secretly watches others was caught in a public lavatory looking through a hole in the wall into the women 's lavatory .
" person who secretly watches others , hey !
On screen person who secretly watches others .
‘ person who secretly watches others nothing !
The reader should note his progress within the whole twelve books and in doing so will see how he moves from a heroic , masterful force and a leader of millions to a spy alone in the Garden of Eden , watching two lovers like a common person who secretly watches others .
Route-finding is easy to begin with , though enthusiastic signposting unfortunately ceases to function just when paths become undefined , across fields .
She was lean , dark-skinned , and ancient and wizened as the baccala , the salt cod hanged out in the harbour to dry .
Once the inner is up and hanged out the flysheet , made from 190D double coated pu nylon , goes over the top and is pegged to the ground using eight ground points and two guylines .
The rest of the tent is then laid and hanged out .
it 's erm , it 's not too bad this time of year , you can hang out , the legs come off it , you know that brown one that you bought me ?
hanged out : dental problems may be a symptom of other illness in the body , above .
There are eight other hanging out points .
hang out the four corners .
I 'm just frightened you 're going to overeat
Christmas Day 1988 has been delightful if unremarkable and we snuggle down after overeating on room service and a floor picnic of the remaining Marks and Spencer goodies .
he really overate this morning .
All together now ( to the tune of Ooh-ah Cantona ) ‘ Pigs out of Europe , I said PIGS OUT of Europe ! ’
Taylor , 47 , of Potlands , Leeming Bar , failed to attend court and was convicted in his absence of two charges of moving PIGS OUT of the declared area .
Subject : PIGS OUT ( was Poll )
stop being loud , sorry , get out .
Desperate for quiet they called police who told the old-timers to stop being loud .
‘ Everybody stop being loud .
‘ You stop being loud , young Peregrine .
This group , under the chairmanship of Dr Toni Eden , has been drafting standards for every service that is likely to be PIPED DOWN a British cable system .
stop being loud CLOUGH !
You can always defer to the " off-stage " higher authority ( which means you 're less likely to have a revolution on your hands ! ) ; you can seek assistance ; you can still argue against the proposition ; you can co-ordinate ; bring information and , importantly , transfer responsibility to the children .
Somehow you have to argue against your presentation and try to knock it to pieces .
‘ Are you arguing against the favored idea , by any chance ? ’
I 'm arguing against the favored idea again .
But it is unlikely — despite disclosure of business rules — that the less aware will not find themselves on a spectacularly high-risk syndicate which had in the past acted with caution and prudence .
Of course he had , but better act with caution and prudence .
Replies tend to act with caution and prudence , and often give names , which clearly do not refer to the land you 're interested in .
act with caution and prudence .
At a time when galleries are feeling the financial squeeze and acting with caution and prudence with established artists , or even closing altogether , showing and selling work to the public from one 's own studio is an attractive option for artists .
But when it comes to the ecstatically energised and demonstrative music , he either acts with caution and prudence with tempi and tones down orchestral brilliance or , more alarmingly , decides to add a wealth of extra cymbal ( suspended and clashed ) , presumably in the misguided notion that more emphasis is required .
acting with caution and prudence
act with caution and prudence WITH SAVLON .
PARENTS ' PLAYTIME SPECIAL • Instant toys for bored babies • Water games • Best-buy pools and sandpits • acting with caution and prudence in the playground
But what could be worthier of my human intelligence than to discriminate between and interrelate the parts of a painting or musical composition with the concentration of a mathematician solving a problem , yet respond to them with the immediacy of a dog listening attentively ?
The colony listens attentively .
Alf Ackroyd behind the bar listened attentively , as if some rival establishment to his own were under discussion .
There was a studied casualness in his tone that made Melissa listen attentively .
Complete the film title , prick up er , oh start again , listen attentively , bottom or pantyhose ?
It had stopped munching away in its stall , listened attentively and jerked its head up and down at the powerful voice of the world-famous soprano .
Hosanna could see it too , and would PRICK UP HIS EARS as he sat on her lap and focus on Gabriel moving around by the sink or fixing the green curtains at the window .
Penny Warlock , cringing under the intense peer of Mrs Crumwallis , listened attentively .
Dormer windows listen attentively like terriers .
‘ listen attentively ’
We listened attentively .
It 's hard with family to deceive them emotionally because they have seen you go through all sorts of things when you are growing up . ’
And we think that Gen McCreery would have given short shrift to anyone who tried to deceive him .
While Henry II talked of peace and allowed first Geoffrey and then Henry to deceive him , Richard 's duchy was slipping away from him .
You can not deceive me like that .
‘ I can think of one firm that I think had tried to deceive us for many years .
Someone is trying to deceive you .
For wisecrackers have been teasing them unmercifully ever since the sex and sangria saga hit the airwaves .
That quip could get you recommended to the witless corps , brother , ’ the speaker put in , ‘ Oh , I was only teasing her .
She tried her legs next , and they moved a bit within the straps , but her boots prevented her from PULLING HER LEGS through the loops .
‘ You 're teasing me ! ’
You do not have to say that but we all you know you 're you 're teasing them the whole time okay ?
‘ It 's all right , I 'm only teasing you . ’
She was teasing him .
He showed outstanding bravery , PULLING HIS LEGS up until the very last minute .
teasing them can come later , if and when rapport has been established .
If you 'd do something based on desire rather than practical reasons instead of your winkle , you would not be in this state ! ’
I MUST N'T do something based on desire rather than practical reasons .
‘ We used to do things based on desires rather than practical reasons .
Rulers who do things based on desire rather than practical reasons tended to court disaster , be they male or female ; and there have been plenty of examples of both .
She adores it .
‘ I adore it . ’
Mm well we adore him .
QueenSpark Books present two simultaneous writing workshops : ‘ adore them ’ writing about romance , ‘ Steamy Stories ’ writing about sexuality and desire .
Miss Shields , 27 , is currently filming a CBS TV movie , I adore you — The Laura Black Story .
Rod , working on his own life story with a ghost writer , has promised : ‘ I am going to make every possible effort — I intend to delve deeply into the numerous stains I have left on the tapestry of life . ’
I have always been careful to make every possible effort , ever since a time in Philadelphia when a particularly uncomfortable sofa turned out to be hiding a pair of magnificent George III sideboard dishes , subsequently sold for $66,000 .
County Board officials are making every possible effort in their efforts to ensure that everything possible is done to facilitate the preparations for the big game .
‘ Finished it , ’ he concluded for her , and Leith knew then that if Naylor Massingham had been looking to find fault with her work then plainly he 'd made every possible effort .
making every possible effort for its Destiny launch , the telephone company offshoot went so far as to score still another first , announcing SVR4.2 simultaneously in Europe , the Far East , the US and Russia , reportedly at a Unix user group meeting , facilitated by the famed Esther Dyson .
I was grateful to be pardoned .
‘ If you found someone such as I have just described it would have you pardoned . ’
Well , she was not going to pardon him that easily .
‘ I suppose that gets us pardoned , ’ Lucinda offered .
‘ Psychobabble ’ can have them be pardoned .
He had never seen Mandy look contrite before , and he decided , wickedly , to make her suffer a bit before he pardoned her .
Telling the whole truth about the Ayr salmon , rather than pardoning me , only improved the tale .
He wanted to make sure he knew who 'd been the problem and would not pardon me .
Unfortunately though , my nose will not LET ME OFF THE HOOK and I am forced to leave it .
Once the dealer gave his number under these circumstances , he was submitting to the client 's own terms , releasing him .
Ruether does not think in terms of a God who is transcendent above history and acts as an agent in history ; and this we might say releases her from blame as far as the theodicy question is concerned .
A change of clothing also releases you from blame .
IBM has LOST ITS HEAD of worldwide database design and strategy , and the man responsible for DB2 , Jnan Dash , to Oracle Corp , to be vice-president , Database Technologies .
More than one lost his composure as a consequence of making what were alleged to be seditious or treacherous statements in the House of Commons .
This looks as eye-like to the predator as the real eye , and gives the prey a fifty-fifty chance of LOSING ITS HEAD .
Your mentor might LOSE HIS HEAD on the block , or be handed a P45 in today 's language .
I 'm not going to lose my composure and try and rush out at the first chance .
I must be going crazy , she thought .
I then walked across to the photographers and lost my temper , lost my composure .
He had lost his heart and was in danger of LOSING HIS composure .
Liverpool showed enough in Moscow before losing their composure to indicate that the task is not beyond them .
losing their composure ,
Ken did not have to put on drag in Carry On Screaming , the first of three 1966 releases , but in Carry On — Do not lose your composure , he did get to wear a woman 's frilly corset which did not go all that badly with the curled wig he wore as Citizen Camembert , the ‘ big cheese ’ of the French Revolutionary secret police .
There was always something around the corner if you did not lose your composure .
It was weeks since the night of thunder and lightning and losing her composure in St Lucia .
A few miles away is the ancient town of Lewes with its imposing Norman Castle and Anne of Cleves House ( the former home of one wife who did not LOSE HER HEAD to Henry VIII ) .
‘ No — Anne would have lost her composure in decent privacy within the walls on Tower Green .
This does not mean that you have to spend a fortune on tools , but beware of cheap spanners and screwdrivers which may not be strong enough for the job or of cheap hammers which may LOSE THEIR HEADS .
‘ We must not lose our composure , ’ said Masklin .
PLAYER : I should concentrate on not losing your composure .
A sport , like a new spouse , can be so infatuated with its glamourous partner that it loses its composure .
Many a prey species can afford to dispense with its tail but can never afford to LOSE ITS HEAD .
After two years of bingeing up Baldwin and bringing Neville along to find that even Neville loses his composure , and sells the pass in the first fortnight of serious crisis . ’
Since enemy planes had been over the village , ‘ they have all lost their composure ’ .
She finally made it to university , after which to my regret I reduced communication with her .
‘ I mean , Delia , we have had such a long association and a successful one , I 'd like to think , well , I do not want to just reduced communication . ’
for a while there I thought I was no longer as skilled . ’
For all its Hendrix-derived elements of bravura free expression , dextrous embellishment and luxury , Prince 's music rarely reduces communication with James Brown 's locked groove of desire , mesmerizing monotony and crude assertion of repetition .
But Mike will not be reducing communication with his beloved Everton : ‘ I will still get the Football Echo sent out to me , so I can keep in touch with Everton .
There are a lot of people saying that Mike Martin Pipe is not the force he was etcetera but there 's been a change of policy down at and if anyone thinks that Pipe has lost his skills they 're talking twaddle .
‘ He 's lost his skills .
HARRISON Ford is terrified of losing his superstar skills.
The industry had lost its skills and its nerve .
Well away from the beaten track he laid her gently on a bed of moss and bracken , and she opened her arms to him , loath to LOSE HIS TOUCH for even a second .
Come on , you 're no longer as skilled now .
You have lost your skills and that 's a fact . ’
Shottermill 's three main strikers , Bob Daynes , Nick Wells and Joe O'Shea , seemed to have lost their scoring skills just when 'Mill needed it most .
Wolves were much sharper and United had to work hard to keep them out and thankfully Wolves have lost their goalscoring skills at the moment .
Her Christmas show proved she has not lost her skills and it 's time she was fully acknowledged as the comic genius she is .
‘ Good , ’ said Caspar , meaning it , and Fenella , still curled into her uncomfortable corner , wished for luck and tried not to disturb the shining folds of the Robes all about her .
She took a deep breath , and wished for luck .
Superstition , stop wishing for luck .
I 'm always wishing for luck , I will have to be careful about that .
Will you wish for luck for me , Juliet ? ’
Branson wished for luck that sterling would hold firm .
After 22 months , does he not yet understand that sitting there wishing for luck and closing his eyes will not bring recovery ?
In fact , by what we like to think is professional panache ( and wishing luck , out of sight ) we minimise the panic and disguise it completely from the viewer .
Lisa took a deep breath , wishing for luck — perhaps it had sounded worse than it was ! — and forced her eyes to slide round towards the Bentley .
She wanted to get all of the washing out , then wishing for a dry day with a bit of sunshine and a drying wind .
At the same time the Americans , like others involved in the Kurdish operation , are wishing for luck in hope of an agreement between Mr Hussein and the Kurdish leaders negotiating with him in Baghdad .
Censorship merely confirms the view that sex is dirty and must be hidden away , out of sight and — wishing luck — out of mind .
I will wish for luck !
‘ wish for luck and hope he has another order for me . ’
But of course we were you know wishing for luck and she went to her every time .
wishing for luck mentally , he hoped that everyone would assume he was just someone else answering the call to action .
No we do not I we do not I my my faith we do not celebrate the devil , we do not wish for luck , we do not say er you know anything about luck or anything like that b
On the other hand , would it be any safer crawling past the window , wishing for luck and sending up prayers ?
wish for luck .
The committee of the Canine Supporters Charity wished for luck tightly when they took the brave step of hiring the Wembley Exhibition Centre .
They find out that they will be competing against three local councillors from Kent , one from each of the main political parties — everyone wishes for luck that they will not be able to agree on an answer .
At a time when splashing money around is either impossible of undiplomatic this represents a surprisingly cost-effective way of putting on an event without taking shortcuts .
Opponents of the building programme " which in any case may not go ahead as planned because of a lack of funds " claim that political instability in Russia , antiquated technologies and economic pressures ( to take shortcuts on safety in order to produce much-needed electricity ) could lead to another major nuclear accident .
Simon Catterall , for the company , said : ‘ This is not a company which takes shortcuts .
WE HAVE N'T taken shortcuts .
taking shortcuts
He is keen to exchange the first gifts , but the laibon 's family first want to see if he can work with energy and enthusiasm .
Why not perform up to expectations ?
The bleeding fat girl , he got invited for a date by her .
Yet if she was invited for a date , she exclaimed : ‘ Oh — but I can not go without Brian ! ’
The question was ASKED OUT of politeness only .
Guess who invited Nick for a date.
He got invited for a date by that Kate .
The producer , a blase+ young woman , toyed with a lettuce leaf and an olive , but on the rare occasions I am invited to lunch I generally do without breakfast , so I made up for her and discussed the shooting schedule ( you soon pick up the jargon ) with the director .
And er when I went to school , Miss the old teacher , she used to take me out , er I used to go to the school ready to go to Deerness , we had to ASK OUT a quarter of an hour early .
And er I had to ASK OUT this quarter of an hour early , well I got me hair all combed out all ready to go you see ?
. Look , I tell you what Rich , make it your New Year 's Resolution to invite Julie for a date on Saturday , no worries
The client expresses and believes in different , more rational interpretations — ‘ There is no rule which says somebody must love someone else , it would have been great if she 'd turned up but there are other girls I could invite for a date .
There was one scene in the film where the rest of the crew goaded his character into inviting a bar girl on a date , but he was so shy and embarrassed .
an advantageous or favorable position !
an advantageous or favorable position
Imperial expansion was driven forward not only by the collapse of order in extra-European societies , but also by intensifying competition from Britain 's European rivals for ‘ an advantageous of favorable position ’ .
To make a bad situation worse , Alan 's not even entitled to unemployment benefit .
To make a bad situation worse , Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United .
They must needs make a bad situation worse . ’
I took that line , so the main , the main character goes skiing for the first time , can not do it , and is frustrated because everybody else around him can do it including his girlfriend which er makes a bad situation worse and there is in there of course , a very attractive dashing Austrian ski instructor ; that 's the catalyst really for the drama .
No penalty was given and the bad situation got worse when Brugge equalised through Staelens in the 50th minute .
Of course he was released from hospital and he recovered and of course we we , he , we protested to the hunt and they had the audacity to off to offer him some fifty pounds compensation , which was a making the bad situation worse .
This has made the bad situation worse of a privatisation carried out against the wishes of the public .
He may have the morals of a person with loose morals but raping a semi-comatose girl was beyond him .
Watching , Jess was reminded of a pack of ALLEY CATS she 'd seen at the rear of Samson 's smithy one night .
They have the morals of persons with loose morals and minds like sewers …
No approval by the production Code Administration shall be given to the use of words and phrases in motion pictures including , but not limited to , the following : ALLEY CAT ( applied to a woman ) ; bat ( applied to a woman ) ; broad ( applied to a woman ) ; bronx cheer ( the sound ) ; chip-pie ; cocotte ; God , Lord , Jesus , Christ ( unless used reverently ) ; cripes ; fanny ; fairy ( in a vulgar sense ) ; ‘ hold your hat ’ ; louse ; lousy ; Mada ( relating to prostitution ) ; nance , nerts ; nuts ( except when meaning crazy ) ; pansy ; razzberry ( the sound ) ; slut ( applied to a woman ) ; S O B ; son-of-a ; tart ; toilet gags ; tom cat ( applied to a man ) ; travelling salesmen and farmer 's daughter jokes ; whore ; damn ; hell ( excepting when the use of said last two words shall be essential and required for portrayal , in proper historical context , of any scene or dialogue based upon historical fact or folklore , or for the presentation in proper literary context of a Biblical , or other religious quotation , or a quotation from a literary work provided that no such use shall be permitted which is intrinsically objectionable or offends good taste ) .
Much against the queen 's will , Alice Keppel insisted on seeing the dying king ; on being asked to leave the death chamber , she caused an embarrassing public disturbance and had to be escorted out .
‘ Do not cause a public disturbance , Ruth , ’ Ernest pleaded .
He cites ‘ melodramatic ’ , ‘ stagey ’ , ‘ theatrical ’ , ‘ play-acting ’ , ‘ putting on an act ’ , ‘ putting on a performance ’ , ‘ causing a public disturbance ’ , ‘ making a spectacle of oneself ’ , ‘ playing to the gallery ’ , and compares the implied hostility of such expressions with the more approving tones of terms derived from the other arts : ‘ harmonious ’ , ‘ symmetrical ’ , ‘ graphic ’ , ‘ shapely ’ , ‘ well-balanced ’ , ‘ poetic ’ , ‘ in accord ’ , ‘ in unison ’ , ‘ in concert ’ , ‘ chime in with ’ , ‘ in tune with ’ .
Fiona to cause a big public disturbance
‘ They did not mean to hurt poor Tom , it was just a silly old accident , ’ I said , partly to comfort the child and partly to prevent Richard causing an angry public disturbance in front of him .
Short of causing an embarrassing public disturbance , she had not much option .
In another analogy , our mind can be thought of as a huge tapestry in which the many episodes of life were originally isolated and there was no relationship between the parts ; but at last we must cause a unified public disturbance of our whole life .
Morris is a decent , amiable guy , one of the best on the circuit , and he bit his tongue when many others in his position would have cause a public disturbance of it .
A century of coal-mining activity had cause a depressing public disturbance of this valley until imaginative landscaping during the last two decades transformed it .
The thing with Minneapolis was that everyone was bored to tears , so we just caused a public disturbance . ’
He caused an emotional public disturbance on the day she signed and told her that , if she did not sign , the company would be bankrupt and her son John would lose his home .
They say I had the vanity to go down to Croisset and cause an embarrassing public disturbance on his doorstep .
At Rosalie 's little restaurant Simone watched the handsome Modigliani MAKING A MAGNIFICENT SCENE or sketching beautiful women at the Rotonde and , with her girl-friends , she had found him ravishing .
But unfortunately unless this restraint is very clear and firmly upheld children will rapidly learn , by causing a great public disturbance , particularly in public , that they can get their own way .
It MAKES A FINE SCENE , does it not ?
Even with injury added to injury , the French act frankly about it : they style their visitors Les Lions Britanniques .
He acted frankly about his own nationalistic aims for Burma , but he kept faithfully to his brief and certainly helped Indians to see what would happen if the Japanese were victorious .
He begged her not to miss the party they were invited to on his account , so she made him a hot drink , turned on the TV and , acting frankly about it , said she would be back in the morning .
Miki acts freely about her deep enjoyment of Ministry 's set
Skates , his ruthless beancounting skills surfacing , acts freely about suggesting that if any more job cuts can be made , they will be .
Slug in ash ( above ) and tortoise in burr elm ( right ) acting freely about methods or means , David is a proud user of mechanical aids , ranging from lathes to the Woodcarver , from drum sanders to a Black & Decker Powerfile .
He hoped she had made a final decision to talk and would not make him lose valuable time persuading her .
He appraised her slowly , then nodded , as though making a final decision .
And I made a final decision — " Now Mary Edgar you will be terribly sea-sick , " so I was prepared for the worst .
Do not MAKE a decision one way or the other , cos were have to take our tape measure .
Wycliffe MADE a final decision : ‘ I shall be at Trebyan for a while . ’
‘ make a final decision , Katharine .
‘ I 'm sure you have MADE a final decision as to the answer to that , along with everything else , Mr Scott , ’ she responded levelly , disconcerted by a need to conceal an unexpected surge of bitter frustration .
George was a superb dean , not least because of his capacity to listen to colleagues and then MAKE a final decision decisively .
‘ And I spent an hour greeting my guests , making a speech and ensuring the entertainment was fully organised for the evening , while I was trying to make a final decision whether your refusal to put in an appearance was because you cared for me — or because you hated me . ’
On a week 's package holiday at the time , the first break she had been able to afford since leaving drama school , it had taken her all of five minutes to make a final decision to stay .
And it has to make a final decision where it stands in the matter of the European Community .
But the key lies with the 15.3pc who have not yet made a final decision and the 9.9pc who declined to say .
They will help you with the choice of holiday and the selection of accommodation or simply offer you advice if you are experiencing any difficulty in making a final decision .
The administration has not made a final decision yet , saying only that they will be two independent entities ; those that have been briefed say that they will not be the National Security Agency or the law enforcement agencies .
‘ Let her make her own final decision .
They do not plan to stand around while Mandela makes a final decision about what they are going to get .
‘ I could not make a final decision about exactly why Mills resigned from SIS in 1962 .
If the contractions can not make a decision about starting or not , that is they come and go and labour is not properly established , take one dose of Pulsatilla 200 every 2 hours until the contractions do make up their mind .
I was not sure I could make my own decision .
That means she will make a final decision and tell us , yeah we will make our minds up , the royal we
This is quite important because when a child in the third form the kids are making a final decision whether to do science or not .
ah , we will make a final decision
When we come to banding we find that the Labour party is incapable of making a final decision .
On the other hand , there are tables and graphs and a methodical list of the alternatives , so the intelligent and diligent reader can make a final decision .
‘ made a final decision ? ’ he asked gently .
I made a final decision
Well I should make you make a final decision Bev , here and now .
There are various ways of improving the lot of hens but we do need to ask the hens themselves rather than make a final decision for them .
I am a present looking at the dozen or so cones sitting on the floor and am making a final decision to do something with them , but even with ingenious ideas , how does one find time with all that knitting to do ?
‘ As I have said before directly to the Labour Party , ‘ You must make a final decision .
How the planning committee makes a final decision .
And for good or ill , once she makes a final decision nobody tells her what to do — not even the Queen .
I could not make up my own mind whether to get him to lengthen or shorten and in consequence I did not make him make a final decision to do either and we floundered over it untidily , his hooves rapping the wooden frames , my weight too far forward … a mess .
making a final decision , she said fiercely , ‘ It was him up at the manor .
That was the style of it , they could not see , could not make a final decision .
You must make a final decision .
Heseltine was anxious to set up a link between Westland and a consortium of European helicopter companies , whereas the DTI was adamant the company should make a final decision .
But what we 're talking about now is that we have made a final decision A that you er I believe and you believe you can do this job .
TO HELP YOU TO make a final decision YOU WILL FIND HERE :
making a final decision
I had lost the cabby 's good will ( ‘ make a final decision — can not she ? ’ )
Most of the sex in the original text survives but the producers are aware that fictional nipples are being counted by the kind of heaving bodies which consist of several men in top positions in an organization .
As the morning traffic builds up on the A49 they are rewarded with constant beeps of support from truckers , bus drivers , ordinary motorists and men in top positions in an organization driving expensive company cars .
And for adventurous persons who prefer to be awake late at night — or Mr Hides — the twilight world of zips , belts , buckles and straps offers an outrageous alternative .
The train and bus links between Baden and Vienna are impeccable , and with the last transfer back to Baden being at 2.15am , even persons who prefer to be awake late at night can make the most of Vienna 's theatres , operas and concerts .
It even gives the colour of postboxes in Tonga , lists the Mississippi and the Amazon River boat services , and the romantic names of American trains : ‘ NIGHT OWL ’ , ‘ Silver Meteor ’ , ‘ The Desert Wind ’ , ‘ Silver Star ’ , ‘ Broadway Ltd ’ , ‘ Californian Zephyr ’ , ‘ Sunset Ltd ’ .
MEET THE persons who prefer to be awake at night …
If you are a person who prefers to be awake at night this really is the place to come to .
Andy Prior and his persons who prefer to be awake at night will be raising money for Halton Meningitis Trust and Widnes Hospice at Home .
After five days it came with the speed of a poltergeist hurling a vase : Robson is the long time presenter of the Metro Radio programme NIGHT OWLS , ghosts strut their stuff at night , the two make a neat marketing ploy .
Delaney finally did it perfectly .
Put it back up and I will NAIL IT up some time when I bring up erm , I will bring up a hammer
I always hold it , hold it , pick it up , turn it and then NAIL IT . ’
He glimpsed a fallacy , said ‘ Longer to us , I mean ’ with a vague interest in NAILING IT , and then thought the hell with it and bought some very expensive soap .
In the kitchens the Imperial 's chefs were now preparing to serve a simple luncheon for the NEW ARRIVALS , while preparations for the banquet continued apace .
NEW ARRIVALS
Deborah Gould and her NEW ARRIVAL Picture : BARRY FARRELL
A NEW ARRIVAL is attracting the crowds at a wildlife park .
NEW ARRIVAL : Welcome aboard son is the message from SDLP former Mayor Mary Bradley to newly-elected son-in-law Martin Bradley .
‘ That 's our NEWEST ARRIVAL ’ said the Foreman with a laugh ; adding thoughtlessly , ‘ and I will bet her conditions are better than the ones you had to put up with in the war .
TO CASH FOR A NEW ARRIVAL …
NEW ARRIVALS costs £3.50 .
‘ Are you trying to tell me , ’ Richmann began dangerously , ‘ that these changes in plan have been made just on the basis of your superstitious intuition that the NEWEST ARRIVALS on the island are somehow dangerous ? ’
INTRODUCING SOME NEW ARRIVALS
What with the Santa Cruz Operation 's new president Lars Turndal being the newest person in the group and a stranger to most of the people who will have to deal with him , we thought we 'd give a little of his background .
ENGLAND manager Geoff Cooke , horrified by violence that marred what should have been a gentle centenary celebration , read the riot act to the players after England 's new persons in the group found themselves on the rack at Leicester .
Such was the enthusiasm generated by the thousands of kids at the game that a passer-by might have been forgiven for thinking that either Take That or NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK were performing at Ibrox rather than Scotland 's football team .
But pop band NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK slip from No 1 with earnings of a mere £4 million .
Nirvana have made heavy metal intelligent and vital — not words you could ever apply to Marky Mark , a 21-year-old Calvin Klein underwear model , former newest member of the group and white boy posing as black rapper .
Houston police are trying to find a man who has succeeded in getting teenage girls to pose nude for him by saying they will appear in a music video for NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK .
She may have been more assertive for a while as she discovered her true vocation , but she is remembered mainly for the way she consulted staff and her obvious concern to do the best in every situation .
As for walks — well , Barry and Clive will help you discover your vocation ( so to speak ) : there are twelve which begin locally and are recommended by the Ramblers Association .
It was only after the Cultural Revolution had ended and travel within China had once again become a possibility , that Zeng began to discover his vocation photographically .
There , clergy wives , listening eagerly to their husbands ' superiors , would FIND THEIR FEET gripped by apparently supernatural growths from the infernal regions .
And if there were a proposal to establish a funding council , that would best be done in the context of the further education colleges having acquired self-governing status , having discovered your vocation and having had an opportunity to discuss the respective roles of the funding council and of the Secretary of State .
Here , moral certainty had discovered its inherent character again , secure in the knowledge that a short , sharp dose of discipline would curb the moral pauper and ensure the safety and the silence of the night .
‘ Hip hop is rediscovering funk 's roots , it 's slowly discovering its vocation as the rave scene dies out .
Did you FIND YOU FEET were covered with blisters ?
discovering her vocation , she immersed herself in her role as a Soap Sud with all the ease of a small screen veteran .
As the nascent museum beings to discover its character , the determined band at PE look forward to more airframes coming their way from the SAAF Museum and the work on the Oxford will gain in pace .
Meredith lunged out in a desperate attempt to save their contents only to FIND HER FEET slipping on the melted snow which had been walked in from outside .
The old master of the House of Commons , despite his quiet style , never discovered his vocation in the House of Lords .
Wiping away the blood and FINDING HIS FEET , Mayer hissed , ‘ I will destroy you . ’
Had a bit of difficulty in discovering my vocation , sexually , as it were , in that although prostitutes were twenty a penny , the kind of up-market lovelies that I favoured were harder to locate .
discovering your vocation
GUIL : We 're still discovering our vocation .
Democracy is becoming a reality , the possessors of new and increasing political power are discovering their vocation , not less abroad than in this country .
A young mara discovers her vocation
It obviously took a while to discover my vocation with the group but when I had done I really started to enjoy myself .
Lord Airlie also went out of his way to help me discover my vocation .
And if we 're offering you your passage home , you and the children , and help in discovering your vocation once you get there , and a good convent school for the girls , so that they can go straight on with the nuns and will not really notice any difference , well , all that 's to be regarded as a loan , which we 're very glad to offer you for an extended period , in the hopes of getting you back among caring people . "
As we are small in numbers we can find it as we go , for maximum flexibility , but I will book us into a lodge for 2 nights on arrival to give us chance to discovering our vocation again .
I discovered my vocation , staggered a couple of paces and spewed undigested fried chicken over a light-coloured WV Golf .
Addressing a Lions Club conference in 1990 , John Patten declared that ‘ Active citizenship has already inspired many people …
In November 1959 he found himself back in Montreal , ‘ to renew his neurotic affiliations ’ as he was to repeat endlessly to journalists ; meeting his friends and family , sometimes bumping into his uncles who would take him for expensive meals at top restaurants — such as the Ritz — and hotels ; and generally awakening and reawakening those impulses and memories which would inspire him and energise his mind for months to come .
Thirty years on the robbery still inspires the imagination .
Were his words intended to inspire her with racy images of the two of them burning up calories together between a pair of scented sheets ?
India in those days ( round about 1963 ) was much in the air and I found that as a background it decidedly inspired me .
You can so aim your plot that the events you will have to describe reflect on whatever current preoccupation of society it is that has inspired you ; your theme .
Like the Greek and Egyptian legends of old , here was material to inspire writer , reader and viewer alike broad in its scope and with a fine attention to detail .
The Pascoes and Fosters on the box inspired the Coes and Crams and they in their turn the Jacksons and Backleys .
Commercial speculation rather than the law inspired him .
But if the physical violence that Dick Francis writes of so well , without glorying in it , without dismissing it in the way cruder writers do as they allow a hero to leap into action after some terrible beating-up if this does not inspire you. you can still write suspense novels that will satisfy readers every bit as well .
Images from television of ten inspired her like this .
The notion of jealousy inspires him ; you feel you have something to say on the theme .
She is a writer , not delighted in by everybody , who plainly finds what inspires her is considering people who go beyond the ordinary bounds .
I think he 's like pursuing a futile goal here I really do !
Oh nothing is worse Than to pursuing a futile goal
‘ I suppose you 're planning to make me very angry and gabble in obsolete tongues . ’
Within seconds , the toxins from the toad 's skin enter the dog 's bloodstream through the thin mouth tissues , resulting in retching , FOAMING AT THE MOUTH , and , in extreme cases , death .
In dogs , one of the symptoms of the disease is that normally peaceful and friendly animals become ferocious biters , FOAMING AT THE MOUTH .
He was nearly very angry she said . ’
He was , of course , the man who had once brought in a cup , painted black on the inside and white on the outside , and , after pointing out its close resemblance to the soul of the average sinner , had jumped up and down on it , being very angry .
Angry Brian Reatus , 44 , allegedly FOAMED AT THE MOUTH as he pinned him to the wall .
I have become expert at avoiding him , but on the unlucky occasions when I am forced to talk to him , he gets very angry and talks gibberish .
But at the start of proceedings Broderick knows the reality about who he 's really here to talk about .
They know the reality that they could do a better job from Detroit , but they had become increasingly concerned that they were getting out of touch with what was happening around the world , and that the tail was beginning to wag the dog .
By now he knows the reality about the reason for the frame-up .
Webster and Simmons know the reality about the task ahead of them .
‘ And while we would expect to win that game at home , I know the reality .
The matters for discussion are s spelt out but just so that you know the reality about what we are aiming to talk about , first issue , first matter is is the proposed provision and distribution of employment land for district councils and Greater York , the reason bearing in mind the need to provide sufficient land for employment in appropriate locations and the second matter is what effect if any will the proposed scale on provision have on adjoining areas in West Yorkshire .
But he knows the reality .
‘ I know the reality and therefore unlikely to get carried away , ’ he said .
know the reality gentlemen that er Keith is under a lot of pressure to put his work to Birmingham and Glasgow , and not to York .
Nizan could have known the reality as to the fate of those who were perceived as traitors to the party .
‘ This was the only time I ever saw Ken himself come apart and get stuck , ’ remembers Lance Percival .
It 's just a little bit sort of er the waves themselves are nice but I think they do need something else in it just to erm split the linearity of the er er , of the composition .
After , after er you split in the summer ?
Like The Fabulous Baker Boys , the King Brothers had split as much because they 'd ‘ had it up to here ’ as because of the ominous advent of ‘ the group ’ .
The Dons split their star-studded FA Cup-winning side of 1988 which upset the odds to beat Liverpool .
The 110 we have , had its well known make of tyres replaced at less than 10,000 miles due to sidewalls splitting ( as have many others , with punctures from steel tyre cords penetrating the tube inside the tyre ) .
splitting the concrete driveway came next to make way for lawns , borders and a pond .
The song ‘ BREAK UP the Family ’ is strongly linked with ‘ Suedehead' ’ and ‘ Maudlin Street' ’ , that whole period In 1972 , when I was twelve , thirteen .
and anything comes apart , Tracy 's lost her home , she will never get another one
splitting , as Neil Sedaka once put it , is hard to do .
Neil Sedaka , writer of BREAKING UP is Hard to Do and Laughter In The Rain had played the Albert Hall last night , but showed just as much enthusiasm for the provincial stage.Mike Rowbottom reports
split with my wife years back .
HEWLETT-PACKARD disintegrates ITS NETWORKED SYSTEMS GROUP
They pushed for the statement to be presented to clear the air before their sons came home for the Christmas holidays at the weekend , palace sources claimed .
‘ Legislation will be presented in next year 's finance bill to implement the proposal from the earliest practicable date , which is 1996-97 . ’
Keegan would like the deadline on offering new contracts to players to be presented to January .
He suggested that elections to the constituent commission be presented to March or April and be held under international supervision .
Paragraph seven making it clear put that an initial assessment has already established er it has already passed the preliminary assessment stage er and that er the director is undertaking the data collection procedure so that the site can be properly assessed and I do drawn er Mr attention er to that I erm have taken the opportunity during the last adjournment Chairman to speak to Mr about the appropriateness of the wording of his er er amendment and I believe that he he may wish to er move something which is slightly different er which will certainly er we will deal with that er if he does move that but er it clearly is the intention of this report and of the committee that when the work has been completed on the assessment of traffic calming measure in Shalford and its priority established , that we would then bring er another report er to the highways and transportation committee in response to this petition er as as indeed is set out in paragraph ten B and if Mr wished that to be presented through to council then that will be done but I leave to him if he wish to move an amendment to make it quite clear , since er I must say this motion is rather bland .
Then he began : ‘ My friends , you have heard all the arguments that have been presented to prove the new world-view .
Some people think the parliamentary election should be presented from 1993 , to give the government legitimacy and to open the way for a new president — Mr Lech Walesa ? — in place of General Jaruzelski .
At the other end of the spectrum family events such as weddings may be BROUGHT FORWARD because the dying person says they want to live to see it .
At November 's 23rd interim meeting of the Asian Rugby Football Union in Bangkok , the Japanese delegate and long-time rugby heavyweight of the region , Shiggy Konno , suggested that the biennial Asian tournament , which is traditionally played in November , be BROUGHT FORWARD by two months .
The Municipal Alliance does not believe in doles , and if their candidates were returned they would do their best to stop this out-going of public funds and try to see to it that schemes of relief were presented under the plans which the Minister of Labour had outlined .
Chairman , can I say briefly that the merger and I 'm quite pleased that we have finally er there is a death knell to this this awful word , it 's been bandied on for far too long , it 's been perhaps the single most controversial issue that has been debated by this authority along with some other mediocre issues and no one here would not admit er to the fact that it has been opposed on such massive scale and even today we have had a further petition of three hundred and ninety five people opposing er this this this dreadful merger decision that was hanging over the er the the two centres and I 'm pleased that er this this er amendment , this er er erm this petition was presented today because it does indicate the continuing support and opposition to er the the kind of things that we should be doing and and those that we should not .
With an expenditure base tax liability is unchanged , but with a receipts base the tax liability is BROUGHT FORWARD ( although with the same present value ) .
Already next season 's Ulster Senior Challenge Cup final has been BROUGHT FORWARD a week to April 23 in order to accommodate the Lions party who will take in the game as part of their celebrations .
BROUGHT FORWARD to September from its usual November date , Gladys Sellers and Tom Prentice look at what 's new at the annual trade show
Open for Business and Pleasure Fiona Hackney visits some of the London studios that opened this summer and meets fluff collectors , show girls and homeless women carrying all of her personal belongings in bags
In fact , I have always wanted to play a realistic , no make-up , homeless woman who carries all of her personal belongings in bags .
Make a paper homeless woman who carries all of her personal belongings with her in bags .
homeless woman who carries all of her personal belongings with her in bags I do not mind .
homeless women who carries all of her personal belongings with her in bags .
In systems integration , for example , Gartner Group rates Bull fourth in Europe and sixth in the world , which is a fact that continually gets lost amid all of Bull 's other bad news — and the French authorities seem to be oblivious to how badly the regular injections of state cash to prop Bull up play in the outside world , causing the company to be regarded as a corporate failure that would no longer exist if it were subjected to the normal commercial disciplines faced by all its foreign competitors .
emotionally unstable
S : emotionally unstable II
emotionally unstable ?
emotionally unstable
Determination , dedication and self-discipline may not fit the image but , without them , the boy from Black Rock , Victoria , would probably be nothing more than a person who frequents beaches right now .
LET'S GO surfing now — John Milius ’ most successful movie sets out on the ocean wave of West Coast surfing culture following the metamorphosis of three macho men who frequent beaches during the '60s decade of lost innocence , alcoholism , the draft and the mythic rites played out on the ocean wave .
They have got titles like Mo' Better Amateur Ho' Videos and men who frequent beaches Amateurs .
men who frequent beaches
Dammit , Leonora , I thought you understood I was exerting a lot of effort not to rush you . ’
He was only disappointed that the legislation exerted a lot of effort to accommodate those against .
We put down er obviously a local gendarmerie came along to see what was actually happening and actually exerted a lot of effort to help us .
You should exert a lot of effort to avoid bitter personal rows and the holding of grudges .
I think my relationship is a fairly normal one , but I do find myself bending over backwards not to erm use any of the sort of additional knowledge I have of education , and if there are things going on that perhaps I think that there might be better ways of doing it , then I exert a lot of effort not to give that kind of impression or to suggest it at all , because it seems to me that it 's going to make the relationship with the school or with the teachers erm a rather awkward one , and I do not think it will good for my children .
WE exerted a lot of effort TO BE FAIR
Today 's West Germany exerts a lot of effort to be a reliable ally .
I think we ought to brace ourselves and write to them now and say if you do not pay us a cheque for this amount cos it 's qualifying we will collect on next date .
brace oneself continued to drift left-handed as the winning post raced towards them .
Glass maker Pilkington yesterday braced himself over the Latin variety yesterday , taking a £4.4million write down against its Argentinian assets .
Britain braced itself over Depo-Provera
It means Labour bracing themselves .
Mr Coulter said : ‘ It is becoming clear that building societies are pursuing their own interests by rescheduling loans or entering into shared ownership agreements , rather than bracing themselves of low interest loans to housing associations . ’
BIFF ‘ M ’ BANGUM BOYS : brace oneself
Burun clenched his fists and kept quiet to stop himself from shouting out .
‘ All right , so it would not work , but what is there — ’ She BIT HER TONGUE hard .
Polly battled on , practically BITING HER TONGUE in half .
I felt like murmuring the verses about Judas going out and hanging himself , and that he should go and do likewise , but Benjamin looked so quietly pleased with himself that I kept quiet .
Something made her keep quiet .
When I was in prison I used to grip my fingers and keep quiet and think , ‘ Right , do not do anything . ’
Symptoms of anxiety may be controlled with practice using only a mild sensation of pain such as that created by digging your fingernails lightly into the palm of your hands , or pinching your earlobe , or gently BITING YOUR TONGUE or cheek .
He 's not and would be wise to keep quiet .
if you love him keep quiet and pass another can And
Just keep quiet Kev
A Sun Microsystems Computer Corp vice president , before quieting , claimed it would be a ‘ piece of cake ’ getting 100,000 units out the door in the next year , close to half the volume Sun currently does in a year .
keeping quiet , she walked off .
Any farm worker could easily anticipate the consequences of ‘ going against ’ the local farmers , so for the most part they resigned themselves to this situation , kept quiet rather than spoke out and developed what is by now their notorious taciturnity and ability to ‘ keep themselves to themselves ’ .
We could all have thought of suitable answers to that one , but the rigid framework in which we lived dictated that we button up our lips , keep quiet and suffer in silence .
It 's all very well telling someone to keep quiet and not fight back .
Above : Lalu , the party 's sirdar , BREAKING THE ICE to collect water at Panch Pokhari .
‘ I 'm sorry to keep you waiting , ’ he went on , ‘ but those of you who have been here before will know that I like to say a few words to initiate social conversation before we get down to the real business of the weekend .
GAMES TO initiate social interchanges and conversation
initiating social conversation
‘ Anglers BROKE THE ICE to fish and diesel bubbled up to the surface .
White House envoy 's visit is bid to repair rift with China Washington attempts to become friends in Beijing .
They decided to continue , but within five minutes Sustad BROKE AN ICE hammer , forcing them to retreat in mockingly perfect weather .
Having initiated social conversation , the shy one then feels more confident to contribute on his own later .
This was SkottiS , Scottish-Icelandic Cultural Days 1993 , in Reykjavik for the last three weeks , as a follow-up to last summer 's initiate social conversation festival which gave a Scottish showcase to Icelandic culture .
Scattering particles of ‘ 1992 — The Love Album ’ amidst OLD CHESTNUTS like ‘ Sheriff Fatman ’ , the duelling duo eventually ( w ) rap things up with a hysterical rendition of ‘ Down In The Tube Station At Midnight ’ ( ‘ Woah — oh-oh-oooh-oh ! ’ ) and a sombre , sneering slump through ‘ Another Brick In The Wall ’ .
The subject under discussion is that stale issue , public or private financing of the arts , but there is a particularly exciting line-up of speakers to chew the cud .
THE most stale anecdote among soccer 's cooking-the-books fraternity — and still the largest source of terrace scepticism .
stale anecdote or adage
The possession of large machines by those responsible for managing rivers can sometimes lead to a situation where a small part is controlling the whole of something , and the results can be damaging to both the environment and the economy .
Since the time of the TCCB 's creation by MCC , under whose control of the first-class game the power and influence of the counties was restrained by their advisory status , stopping short of full enfranchisement , the power of the counties has become paramount , to the point at which a small part is controlling the whole .
They were under no illusions that they could do a better job from Detroit , but they had become increasingly concerned that they were getting out of touch with what was happening around the world , and that a small part was beginning to control the whole thing .
But besides the inconvenience to the long-suffering paying customer — and Liverpool 's have suffered more than any from TV whim — it begs the question of whether a small part is controlling the whole thing .
I suppose in a way it 's a bit like a small part controlling the whole thing to a certain extent , whereby the er larger institutions rather want to get their two pence worth , er rather than let the Engineering Council take over .
You know , they 're very I mean the w they way how it was put to me is to d same with all your questions , it was the er , was it a small part controlling the whole thing .
And many of my staff in s in not just but one or two others , see this as a small part controlling the whole thing if you like where somebody says , you will do so and so , or you know , I 'm telling you you will do this .
I can I can rec I can recognise when when the and a small thing is controlling the whole thing .
It is not often that you hear a genuine story of a small thing controlling the whole thing but spreadsheets and personal computers are just such a case .
Glen Hoddle , the man who abandoned Swindon Town , walked into this afternoon 's transfer tribunal fearing his playing career was over .
I can not afford to abandoned my job . ’
abandoning your partner may not be the answer to midlife change and you may not want a divorce , but you are likely to find that you need to update your relationship if the marriage is to be sound and mutually satisfying for another twenty or thirty years .
Kuffs ( 15 ) is a comedy-thriller about George Kuffs ( Christian Slater ) , an irresponsible youth who drops out of San Francisco high school , abandons his pregnant girlfriend ( Milla Jovovich ) and can not be bothered to hold down a job .
COHSE members coming out on strike because of their refusal to take a little boy into the theatre for an operation , pin-ups being removed from the Yorkshire miners ' newspaper , painkillers being laced with poison in the US , John Nott abandoning Robin Day in front of the TV cameras , Helmut Kohl taking over from ( crash ) Helmut Schmidt and public service pay rises being kept down to 3 ½ per cent , every single event being , in some eyes , a disaster .
The effect diminishes gradually , and you have to take another . "
He had no shield , nor needed one , for till the fit stripped off a berserker would notice no wound lesser than beheading .
After the initial strangeness had diminished gradually , routine took over and I started to get used to meteorological work and enjoy it .
But if it 's not quite enough , although you will get the initial benefits they , they can tend to diminish gradually , so some people are better on the higher , some people are better on the lower dose .
It often took you like that , when it was diminishing gradually .
If that 's not enough to arouse your interest , we have 100 £4 entrance tickets to give away free !
After a quick outline of what each type of program lets you do , I list some uses to arouse your interest .
It was only a short spell of relief , most of it spent down Channel in atrocious summer weather as I remember , but it was enough to arouse my interest for more , and the start of a long love affair with Venturous .
The view from the Quai bridge will have aroused your interest for a trip on the lake , and a visit to Zurich is not complete without at least one water-borne day out .
Being involved at Wembley that time aroused my interest to get to that stage on a more important basis .
My fifteen miles ' walk had aroused my interest , and therefore I looked with no angry gaze on Ranza Inn , and , despite the large company of tourists airing themselves outside , I made inquiries for breakfast , and was told it would not be ready for an hour ( it was now nine o'clock ) .
He shook his head , and really aroused her interest by hinting , ‘ We are so close to it , we could walk there in less than ten minutes . ’
‘ Your Dublin paper aroused our interest , Mr Sanders , ’ he said in conclusion .
Could you give me an example of any nice passage in Adam Bede or Middlemarch to arouse our interests ?
Far from slaking his thirst , all his weekend with her had done was arouse his interest and leave him with a desperate craving for more .
He acted the fool , losing at first to arouse their interests , but in an hour emptied his three victims ' purses .
One of the features of the day will be a series of mini-lectures on just about every conceivable subject , and during the next few Ideas in Action programmes , I shall be talking to some of the lecturers about their topics and , hopefully , arousing your interests sufficiently to want to join us on June the fourteenth to hear more .
Undergraduates will certainly find some interesting material , and researchers will also find enough examples to arouse their interest .
Esther had already aroused his interest , and it was close enough to his parents ' home for him to return there for lunch each day .
Nonetheless , the House of Bruce , for a brief while , tasted royalty and many claim it only aroused their interest .
The achievements are well recorded : the Brabazon airliner , the abortive TSR2 fighter plane and Concorde — the fastest expensive item that is useless of modern times .
Cake and WHITE ELEPHANT stalls plus a grand prize draw .
There 's this picturesque useless expensive development on the Costa del Sol , apparently going for a song .
It will be able to demonstrate ( aided by Thames ' formidable selling skills ) that it is not simply a complacent useless expensive item milking the public purse .
Critics say the £1.8 billion nuclear factory the UK 's second biggest civil engineering project after the Channel Tunnel is a giant useless expensive thing .
Saracen ambassadors bring Charlemagne a useless expensive item complete with exotic trappings .
A blimp-style balloon with a WHITE ELEPHANT on the side hovered in the sky above the crowd .
‘ We feel we should fight Mr Butters and let him take on a useless expensive item while we play elsewhere for a year and maybe we can return to Belle Vue . ’
But whether they have been opened or closed it 's like a useless expensive thing , I mean lovely place , look .
Welch is the first to admit that when the Theatre Royal opened in 1982 it was widely regarded as a useless expensive item , which quickly became little more than a stopping off point for second-rate touring products .
Since Darlington Health Authority 's operational policy document was first drafted and given to committee members last year the goalposts have been moved , and Our wonderful new unit , which thousands of local people have worked so hard to raise money for , seems doomed to become a useless expensive item , admitting day patients only .
More spaces are needed at less cost not another useless expensive office block .
IBM insiders get their equipment cheaper than customers who are sold new computers , but the insiders depend on older machines — proving once again that it 's the management and training , not the technology , that makes the difference between a winning system and a useless expensive item .
Financier Sir James Goldsmith is meanwhile funding a campaign against the Thorp plant , featuring an £18,000 balloon in the shape of a WHITE ELEPHANT .
This year the prize table was especially attractive and the wide variety of ‘ useless expensive items ’ presented quite a problem of which to choose for the higher scoring competitors .
WHITE ELEPHANTS about town
To symbolize the power station as an unwanted monstrosity , the day was publicized in advance as ‘ WHITE ELEPHANT Day ’ .
THE useless expensive item EXPOSED
He 'd entertained and treated the hostile little English girl , and now she was tamely eating out of his hand …
He was well entertained and treated by the Wolverhampton chamber of commerce last Friday .
In the house he now entertained and treated in a style that not even Grandfather Funnell had ever done , but all paid for by Grandfather Funnell 's wife , who seemed to have become rejuvenated by the smart , young , fast-talking Mr Jones .
Tony , 37 , bursts into a plush restaurant where Sharon , 41 , is being entertained and treated by a romantic Italian rival for her affections .
The couple were entertained and treated before retiring to a plush suite for Valentine 's night .
Was history repeating itself when The Spectator magazine recently perpetrated the huge joke of entertaining and treating the hon. Member for Coventry , South-East on his success as Back Bencher of the Year at today 's Savoy palace ?
He had to entertain and treat Michael Crawford to convince him that he was capable of delivering a virtuoso performance as The Phantom Of The Opera .
In addition , the shop will be able to take bookings for the centre 's many other activities , including Santa Specials , the Midlander entertain and treat trains , the Firework Night celebrations , and the special excursion trains to London .
get entertained and treated in the classic atmosphere of Georgian Edinburgh .
In particular , he began to dwell on the conservative themes that would provide the centrepiece of his campaigns for the governorship of California and which he would eventually carry with him into the White House .
I will leave that to those who seem to get their kicks out of dwelling on the negative side of this great game .
Party commentators tended to contrast the morally debilitating , Labour-encouraged dwelling on rights in the evil 1960s with the beneficent emphasis on obligations which the Thatcherite vision entailed .
He was dwelling on the theme that the British had thrown out the Qajar dynasty , had brought in his father and had thrown his father out .
Though some newspapers like the Mail and the Express dwelled on the theme of ‘ charity begins at home ’ , the general line was to stress the potential benefits of taking in such ‘ lively , sturdily-built and intelligent ’ children .
Inevitably , a book such as this dwells on the pitfalls faced by executives .
It was as if they were the only two people on earth ; oblivious to the crowds who poured from the factory entrances as the day shift ended and who milled around them , they had inclination only for each other .
Charity was quite accustomed to her cousin 's eliciting rather dramatic responses from the male population , but was a little discomfited when Nelson , a tall , rangy boy with sandy hair and nice looks , seemed to have inclination only for her .
Always used to receiving admiring glances from men , Laura had not known whether to be pleased or not when the doctor had completely ignored her — clearly having inclination only for Julie .
The action takes place in tough Dodge City , Kansas during the 1880s , and centres on the lives and experiences of five people : Matt Dillon , the dauntless and fearless United States Marshal ; Kitty Russell , proprietress of the Longbranch Saloon , a woman with a heart of gold who has inclination only for Dillon ; Chester Goode , Matt 's deputy ; Doc Galen Adams , the kindly , dedicated physician ; and Festus Haggen , Matt 's unkempt , hillbilly deputy .
According to Kamichika , Japan is perceptive only for its technology while it continues to ignore the increasingly urgent problems posed by unbridled economic growth , such as pollution and cultural estrangement .
Just be patient a second or two . ’
She will continue as long as possible playing doubles , saying : ‘ I will be patient for as long as I can . ’
Come dawn , the chick has checked out , but Spunk is still being patient — bad diet , presumably There followed a brilliant scene , as Spunk staggered out to confront the girl 's flatmates .
The odds are that he is no longer alive , but I have a silk thread HANGING IN THERE with God that he is still alive .
They did not seem to mind me HANGING IN THERE , but it was getting a bit like the ocean liner scene in the Marx brothers ' Night at the Opera .
Erm I thought you HUNG IN THERE for referrals there , that was good , you , you were , you were a terrier there , you 're going to get stuck in for referrals .
Then tape over it with duck tape , make sure it is real nice and tight then when you see a geek walking down the street give it a good throw you will have a lot of fun .
Then he had a lot of fun at some clay-pigeons , again laser-style .
We have had a lot of fun with Reservoir Dogs .
You could tell they were having a lot of fun doing it , and without taking the piss . ’
You could tell they were having a lot of fun — and taking the piss ’ Lenny Kaye
A voice from the press benches said loudly of this rather elementary point of honour : ‘ Thank God somebody at last had the courage to say it . ’
When the Prime Minister has the courage to call the election , we shall be ready .
If Labour Members are so keen on Ravenscraig staying open , why does the hon. Member for Dunfermline , East ( Mr. Brown ) not have the courage — or perhaps the influence in the shadow Cabinet — to give an unequivocal commitment that if the Labour party came to power it would keep Ravenscraig open ?
‘ Antrim Borough Council need to be commended for having the courage to take the case and see it through .
Peterborough : going to sleep
When they do , they went to bed for marathon love-making sessions — that 's once Bill 's made the bed !
Your husband needs to relax before he goes to sleep .
As a result , he once stopped his car as I was walking up the track in Monaco , opened his door and said , ‘ get inside . ’
‘ get inside , lad , ’ he shouted , over the engine roar .
They 'd get four or five HOPS IN and they 'd start to splatter . ’
HOPPED IN the playground , freed by a dunce ,
Then you get it the back to keep the dogs company for me . ’
Throughout this period , the impression gained from Lloyd , Richards and now Richie Richardson is that , given the slightest encouragement , they would gladly select nine fast bowlers in their XI before embarking on a frenzied island HOP IN search of a fast-bowling wicketkeeper .
‘ Hello , Carol , get inside .
Erm I have mentioned accessibility , I would raise that again , I 'm a non-driver erm it 's easy to get inside a car and get from here to Chelmsford , if you want to do it by public transport it is a nightmare erm the meeting here on , on Monday which was very poorly attended , and I understand that 's been the pattern right across the area , and I do not think the health authority is that interested in finding out what people have thought to be honest !
A man Robert recognized as the second man from the Frog and Ferret started to HOP IN circles , beating himself on the head and shouting something .
We should have broken up before but there is every prospect of a late and long HOPPING IN which case we should have difficulty in making the necessary attendances . ’
The programme 's late time slot permits not only the good-natured lairiness , but also a fairly progressive play list policy , in many ways the opposite of Top Of The HOPS IN its championing of the unreleased and overlooked .
His arrogance almost astounded her .
The album features a string of well-known tracks including The Commitments ' Try A Little Tenderness , Berlin 's You astound me and Chris De Burgh 's Lady In Red .
It astounded me , Lily .
As the nondrinker I get first go ( why ? ) and it astounds me .
Remorse and pain clutched at her , almost astounding her , and Jenna spun round and took to her heels , taking Alain by surprise so that she was through the door and down the stairs before he caught her .
Against the shifting mirror that is the surface of a loch , the colours shimmer and dance ; they astound you , and — for a brief , relieving while — they can even take your thoughts away .
Some of it was charmingly primitive , some of it so exotically painted it astounded you .
The afternoon sun highlighted her blonde hair which hung around her shoulders in reckless abandon , giving her a wild untamed loveliness which astounded him .
Quinn is represented by several heads of historical figures , modelled in bread and cast in bronze or lead ; ‘ Self ’ , the celebrated self-portrait created from eight pints of the artist 's own blood and displayed in a refrigeration unit ; and ‘ You astound me ’ , an empty latex cast of the artist 's body suspended from the ceiling like the skin of St Bartholomew .
It astounded me so
I realized then that the lamp had been put behind me so that it would light her entrance ; and it was an entrance to astound .
They held each other tight , so tight that it TOOK THEIR BREATH AWAY , zipped together into one being .
The response has astounded me , I had no idea there were so many people who cared .
Do not astound her .
It is so clear that to look into it astounds you : there is no sense of depth and the rocks could be two or twenty metres away .
I would not want to hear it every night , but tonight it astounds with its doomed glamour .
Fernando had taken her to the Zarzuela , the Spanish operettas that had astounded her .
Lie back and enjoy the sensory carpet bombing ; helicopter ballets , the exploding treelines ( long before the ‘ astound you ’ car ads ) , the flak jacket dolly birds , Brando 's malevolent walrus , the whole of Southeast Asia as expendable theme park kaboodle .
While all sex therapists insist on the need for emotional involvement to sustain good sex , there are some couples whose sex life gets lost because they have become too close .
We went across a large lake and then went on a hike up a trail to see some old steam engines and lots of parts strewn about ; the trains were once used to transport the logs .
It was back in 1972 and we were trying it out , talking about this new magazine we wanted to launch which would campaign for an end to world poverty .
They are getting acquainted , sensing the position of others , trying each other out .
She had been completely open about trying it out as far as a change of job was concerned .
Had this been anyone but Radulfus trying it out , Radulfus in his inflexible uprightness , a man might almost have suspected …
trying it out OF BABYLON
It 's something to do with relating to it , but it 's something to do with the , the final , the truth is that people watch .
the truth is that we all love music and want to play it . ’
My friends and their little daughter went splashing blithely in so i abandoned caution and followed .
Irving Layton was exactly the sort of man to further that : enthusiastic and bold , erudite and observant , worldly and street-wise , compassionate and cavalier ; he could abandon all caution and sing and drink and dance the night away .
If fleeing and hiding have failed and the prey finds itself cornered by its would-be killer , it may make one last desperate attempt to save itself , by abandoning caution and attacking the predator physically .
‘ Miss Phoebe , ’ Jess said , abandoning caution .
Being on the safe side does not mean abandoning all financial caution .
The girl abandoned caution and tried to make the most of every minute via sex , drink , numerous abortions , and late-night revels .
If either Karen or I had had any idea that it was possible for someone to drown so quickly , we would no doubt have abandoned caution and dived in .
You can not be tentative or apprehensive in your movements ; you have to abandon caution and ‘ attack ’ a manoeuvre with the objective clearly in your mind .
abandoning all caution , she swung around to face him .
At the same time the tables would be turned so that they could actually be used to help finance the project , along with the Right-On councils which had already abandoned all caution .
In spite of her shaking legs , of the heat swamping up from her stomach , of the overwhelming desire to abandon caution and not think about anything else , she was also conscious of the fact that if she gave in , went out with Karl , Uncle Willi would be unbearably hurt , and that she could not cope with .
I wondered if he thought Dana and I were about to marry , or whether he was thinking of us individually — the latter , I think , because he had warned me against marriage once or twice before when I had shown what he regarded as too much interest in a woman friend .
Your author forgot all about the steam service and has TIED A KNOT in his tie already for the September retreat .
DCE ON SVR4 : UNIX SYSTEM LABS AND SIEMENS-NIXDORF unite
, Accounts and , from the Mill , got married on Saturday April 3 , followed by a romantic honeymoon in Tunisia .
MAL WASHINGTON Role Model French Wide Open Full Preview EDBERG gets married
Stefan gets married
I do not think so , th the point is I 'm not going to be called to TIE A KNOT like this again for maybe three weeks and then by then I will make things up it was really more for convenience than sitting down trying to work it out myself so you know .
TYING A KNOT IN A PIECE OF STRING WITHOUT LETTING GO OF THE ENDS
At about the same time as Jayne and Dave were getting married , creative director Nadia Marks was limbering up for the 20th anniversary of her wedding to writer husband Graham , whom she met at art school .
TIE A KNOT in one end of the cotton , so that it does not get pulled through the cup , and attach the other end to the button .
It does not cos it TIES A KNOT .
The knotting process always begins at the side of the rug ( after the selvedges have been secured ) by TYING A KNOT on each pair of warp strands in a horizontal direction across the width of the rug .
With Marea ( new wife ) Paul added Under The Thumb , VS , getting married , HVS and Her Indoors , MS .
This is a two-man job of work since you need one to hold the ferret securely while the other TIES THE KNOTS .
An exhibition going on there is called TYING THE KNOT .
getting married
The national populous actually ignored the atrocities that were happening with human beings .
He seems to be obsessed with investing every penny , while at the same time ignoring the needs of his growing family .
I 'm , I 'm , quite amazed that , that , the question has even been asked , you know , that er that , that , er is this a good thing , I mean er presumably the people that are arguing that it 's not a good thing and that are concerned about events are actually condoning imperialism , er these people seem to think that it 's okay for a country to be occupied er like Poland was occupied by Germany and Czechoslovakia and France , that 's okay er and in fact you know we should just ignore it and just let it carry on forever .
The rules stipulate clubs must field the strongest team available , but the FA ignores as the top teams clearly do not do so .
ignoring could cost you a great deal of money in lost orders and lost production , and it certainly will not help them or their colleagues who have to work with them .
ignore do not they ?
‘ I do not want to feel I have coerced you , ’ said lawyer B to the visibly shattered client .
There 's also a powerful case for having pensioner trustees that they will so there 's far less chance of erm people coercing them , although they could have the carrot dangled in front of them .
I think we must coerce him to see if he can repeat the trick in the longer time available in one of our winter talks .
‘ Do not coerce me , Kate !
( James Brown , 20/2/88 who made it Single Of The Week along with The Wedding Present 's ‘ Nobody 's coercing you ’ )
So me Dad TWISTS HIS ARM a bit , like .
Hope Steuart had leaned two loaded muskets against the doorjambs ; he turned to pick one up but the Duke 's two sons were on him , TWISTING HIS ARMS behind him .
Which is a bit different and I 'd like to see it , that 's just one of my things , but again when you 're in , going into retirement I think you have got to think about this , I mean I went , nobody coerced me , I went into that situation and I have enjoyed it for a great many years , but now I 'm thinking I 'd , before I , it 's too late I want to have a , a l a fling in autumn as it were .
No one coerced me .
Nails , fighting and kicking hard , was forced into submission as the policeman TWISTED HIS ARMS up painfully .
TWISTING MY ARM , twisting my leg !
I find that with our local , but well coerce them .
Deftly , Anya TWISTS HER ARM and catches Rainbow 's hand in her own .
Wantonly she TWISTED HER ARMS around his neck , revelling in the great shudder of desire she felt in response , but with surprise she quickly became aware that he was holding back , almost as if he was having second thoughts .
And all he kept doing was TWISTING MY ARM last night , and my leg bummer !
The driver TWISTED HIS ARM backwards to open the door .
" Funny , being a bird-watcher , " a boy called Cosgrave had once said and Stephen had made him take that back , coercing him until he agreed to .
The clenched fist still swung at his side , and without easing his grip , he TWISTED HER ARM so that now the pain was terrible to endure .
‘ After TWISTING MY ARMS , he pulled out a huge knife and said : ‘ Start speaking or I will start slicing ’ , ’ another prostitute told the court .
TWIST MY ARM !
coerce us and we will plump for his brilliantly-executed diatribe against the somewhat larger rock acts currently doing the rounds : ‘ Gim me something small and poisonous , with teeth , born out of the gutter , ’ oozed The Ig , eyes bulging as if strapped to the electric chair .
TWIST YOUR ARM .
‘ I made matters worse by — how do you say it ? — by not reconciling and resolving our differences before bedtime . ’
Fry , dismissed by the 20-stone ticket-broker for the third time yesterday , will not be reconciling and resolving our differences this time … he will sue for wrongful dismissal .
Burr said : ‘ No tears were shed — we just reconciled and resolved our differences . ’
‘ Come now , pet , let's reconcile and resolve our differences and I will tell you about him .
Bhutto herself dismissed them as " bogus courts " and told journalists on Aug. 26 that " we do not accept any tribunal nor do we have any intention to appear before it " .
It 's grossly unfair for television to single out one player from one game and conduct a bogus court there and then .
It was like a bogus court , he thought .
‘ I think he was treated in a shoddy way , tried by a bogus court and found guilty by his own accusers .
Now what will be concerning the last hard core will be that amongst them can almost certainly the people who were involved in the original planning of the er uprising or riot , and also who probably er orchestrated the bogus courts .
Once daily use had set in , the user 's principal concern was to obtain sufficient heroin to keep withdrawal symptoms at a safe distance .
Visa 's rule-book bristles with other conditions that keep non-banks at a safe distance .
People do not have the energy to say much , preferring to use their newspapers to keep others at a safe distance .
keeps hunger at a safe distance . ’
For nine years the US supported the corrupt Diem regime , and did everything in their power to keep communism at a safe distance .
To add insult to injury his faithful laser blazer has limited power , so to keep the aliens at a safe distance he has to make every shot count .
They found Bertha in a slightly drowsy state that signified drugs were keeping severe pain at a safe distance , while a long bulge beneath the bedclothes indicated that her leg was in a plaster cast .
One dealer , desperate to work at one licensed dealer was kept at a safe distance because his arrival might have attracted press publicity .
Anemones are mainly plankton feeders and fish are not regarded as potential prey so there is no loss to the anemone in keeping all fish at a safe distance by adopting such a strategy .
It stood within a ring of hissing pressure lamps which kept the darkness at a safe distance .
Night Goblins hunt Cave Squigs using long , sturdy forks called ‘ prodders ’ to goad the Squigs from their hiding places and to keep the engraged beasts at a safe distance .
I cut the cheese with the Lappish knife I acquired last time out ; it has a 25-centimetre blade and can open cans , cut fire-wood and generally keep misery at a safe distance .
All day long you will work and you will slave , Allowing wheelchairs to go where you pave , Just look at the kids to keep tiredness at a safe distance , Because for them you are making it a better day .
Insurance expert Ian Frater , of Commercial Union , offers these tips to keep burglars at a safe distance : Cancel the milk and newspapers — there 's no bigger giveaway .
According to Anthony , this may vary in the extent to which it is effective in keeping actual psychosis at a safe distance .
That 's one thing , this weather will keep the skateboarders at a safe distance would not it ?
Have your hair trimmed on a regular basis to keep dry ends at a safe distance .
Men will say ‘ I love you ’ to get women into bed with them ; women will say ‘ I love you ’ to get men into marriage with them ; both will say ‘ I love you ’ to keep fear at a safe distance , to convince themselves of the deed by the word , to assure themselves that the promised condition has arrived , to deceive themselves that it has not yet gone away .
THE best medicine for keeping colds at a safe distance is a daily dose of your favourite tipple .
And there are now fabrics treated with special antibacterial finishes , designed to keep the pongs at a safe distance .
However , a sizeable placing in South Wales Electricity fresh downgradings , and profit warnings , kept buyers at a safe distance .
Trestle tables in the courtyard were laid with crockery loaned by neighbours and foods brought by relations : carta di musica , the local unleavened bread ; pecorino sardo , the salty ewes ' cheese of the island ; olives and salami to keep hunger pangs at a safe distance .
Chamomile makes a good lawn , provided it does not have too much traffic on it , but should be used for small areas , as it needs constant attention to keep weeds at a safe distance , but it will have the advantage of remaining green in dry conditions .
1917 , at Semirechensk in Turkestan , Russian peasant representatives met to deliberate the subduing of the natives , and resolved to create vigilante groups to keep at a safe distance those fugitives who were now returning ( Muslim sources claim 83,000 were killed ) .
The record industry , of course , runs on hyperbole , and Virgin Records , like any other , had a press office feeding stories to the music or national press when it profited them to do so , and doing their utmost to keep the press at a safe distance when it did not .
Such a lightning-spattered ending is found , for example , in Passionate Summer ( 1958 ) , where for most of the film the schoolteacher on a Caribbean Island has been keeping at a safe distance the emotions directed towards him by a troubled pupil , the headmaster 's wife and an air hostess .
In the last hour of play , however , he played with great accuracy to keep the dutch grandmaster at a safe distance .
Even in Kyrgyzstan , one of two republics trying to go the way of democracy and keep the fundamentalists at a safe distance , the Slavs are packing their bags .
So that it er er push off the water , kept the water at a safe distance .
If you 're over-polite in conversation , your use of distance may suggest that you want to play high status by keeping the other person at a safe distance , below you .
A tightly compacted surface of graded stones kept water at a safe distance and lasted a long time .
Security at the site was heavy in an attempt to keep trouble at a safe distance .
Netting is sometimes sold to keep herons at a safe distance , but this is difficult to maintain in good order , as plants become entangled in it and look unsightly .
But , whatever their knowledge , of far greater importance in official thinking was the strategic value of a power source which lent itself naturally to centralized control , which was operated by a well paid , reliable work-force and which would continue to keep the miners at a safe distance .
Concentrating on Emma would help to keep her worries at a safe distance for a little while .
The Traditional ‘ Gods ’ of Antiquity Must Be kept at a safe distance
But for the most part the frontier troops had succeeded in their task of keeping the barbarians at a safe distance .
Mr Stevens , 68 , served aboard the light cruiser HMS Scylla in 1943 ferrying supplies to the Russians and keeping german submarines at a safe distance .
This involves working mentally and physically to keep distractions at a safe distance , guarding the tongue to speak little and to the point , taking especial care not to misrepresent others , living as if death might come tomorrow and balancing the needs of the body with the longings of the spirit in discretion .
In this whole affair the clergy — even Winchelsey — had been unable to keep the favourite at a safe distance , and had exercised negligible influence upon the formulation and implementation of the governmental reforms .
There is no truth in the rumour that this tactic is being used to keep the critics at a safe distance .
But the hero of a rip-roaring derby match was Sunderland goalkeeper Tony Norman , who made two incredible second half saves to keep boro at a safe distance .
And then we 're going to use a very nice cream erm called moisture balance and that 's a dermatological product and , and that 's for keeping the skin nice and soft , and keeping the wrinkles at a safe distance .
Erm when ah , Jane in a sense is having to keep his passion at a safe distance , his impatience er , for their wedding at bay , by teasing him .
As Denton has shown , Winchelsey had used Clericis Laicos tactically to keep the king at a safe distance while evading the full implications of that bull — that the pope alone could give consent ; Edward spent the last years of his reign dexterously reversing this and nullifying the commitments which appeared to have been extracted from him by the Confirmation of the Charters in 1297 .
On board enough fruit and vegetables to keep the scurvy at a safe distance and more provisions than Captain Onedin could have wanted .
But d-i-y treatment will go a long way towards keeping rot at a safe distance , and you should be prepared to give freshly exposed cut surfaces of both cladding and battens an extra coat of preservative during installation for extra protection .
Acts like these provide the superficial evidence for the failure , in Kursk as elsewhere , to keep bolshevik encroachment at a safe distance .
The public prefers , indeed seems to insist on , the precedent set by Rocky Marciano , who quit undefeated , kept self-delusion at a safe distance .
Which was not a thought to keep emotional tears at a safe distance .
‘ keeping the wolves at a safe distance , touch wood . ’
Classical polysyllables such as solicitude and calamity keep feelings at a safe distance , so that the reader is led into a frame of mind where the farcical aspects of the good Captain 's behaviour can innocently rub shoulders with tragedy .
" I find it is the only thing which will keep the cafard at a safe distance when I 'm alone .
Her life was spent keeping his chaos at a safe distance .
Whether the family can keep the bailiffs at a safe distance may now depend on the continued generosity of wellwishers .
Sir John — chairman for 17 trophy-laden years in the 70s and 80s — put it another way : ‘ David 's appointment will help keep the predators at a safe distance ’ .
He knew what he felt , but he always kept the knowledge at a safe distance .
This has kept mass tourism at a safe distance .
Like the constable in the story , use any cover to keep your attacker at a safe distance : cars , pillars , and tables all fit the bill .
‘ Hello , darling , ’ he called waving with his right hand while trying to keep the dogs at a safe distance with his left .
Old craft keeps sea at a safe distance
Maxine , the receptionist , runs a small shop and tries to keep the sand at a safe distance as our sailors trudge it into the bar in exchange for that badly needed cool drink .
Marci also helps with his fan mail — and keeps the girls at a safe distance .
Our third prize winner will keep the elements at a safe distance with this waterproof jacket with plenty of useful features .
I shall visit just often enough to keep the gossips at a safe distance .
Even though I could now visualize a cell or a room , and a man chained to a wall , trying to occupy his mind and keep his fears at a safe distance , when I thought of John it was like thinking of him lost in an abstract painting which I did not understand .
Set against these points is the familiar maintenance problem : softwood windows need regular decoration to keep rot at a safe distance , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep then in good condition .
The Hungarian minority was already complaining bitterly then of persecution — their plight widely regarded as the unfortunate flip-side of Ceausescu 's ultra-nationalism , which at least kept the russians at a safe distance .
Keeping the hands warm keeps the condition at a safe distance .
If they did not reach the very poorest , they went further down the scale than most model buildings , and provided the sort of accommodation the poor were used to , despite the introduction of a guardian and a gate to keep the transients at a safe distance and the tenants up to scratch .
I tried to keep despair at a safe distance , telling myself that some sort of mistake had been made .
keep shit at a safe distance , keep warmth at bay , those maggots of feeling , breeding in the shit , sooner or later it gets to them all , even Hilda , love at last , her very words , who would have thought it .
Scattered all over his territories were 738,000 Japanese ; in theory a defeated army but in most cases still armed and either potentially dangerous or the only organized force capable of keeping chaos at a safe distance .
He had employed two extra assistants to keep the flies at a safe distance , and he found he had to force himself not to hurry his craft , not to cut corners .
Immediately , the foresail went out of control , banging and flapping and whipping back and forth , effectively keeping the crew at a safe distance .
But , although increasing your intake of fruit and vegetables has numerous advantages and benefits — both are generally low in calories and rich in Vitamin C which helps keep colds at a safe distance — it is possible to eat too much .
The former nationalised industries are now making vast profits , the unions have been silenced , inflation is down to four per cent and we do not have the crippling defence burden caused by keeping the ussr at a safe distance .
In the weeks ahead the loneliness would intensify , but in the early days there was too much happening to keep homesickness at a safe distance .
Regular trims are a must to keep split ends at a safe distance .
keeping the opposition at a safe distance
He found the bank 's routine congenial , keeping greater worries at a safe distance .
Brown 's was already more than half full , but Bridget and Loretta were able to find a table in a relatively uncrowded corner where an old-fashioned ceiling fan was doing an effective job in keeping stuffiness at a safe distance .
He managed to keep the pain at a safe distance , but only because , unconscious , he was forced to let himself go .
Hands grasped the now frightened convener as his mates fought to keep the pressing mob at a safe distance .
What one remembers , in the hopping back and forth between generations and time-frames , is the sheer verbal energy , itself very Scottish , with which characters keep the dark at a safe distance .
Would the Melanisms leave us alone for long enough , I wonder , or would the Robes themselves keep the melanisms at a safe distance ?
The fire brigade had to bring in their rescue boat normally used on the Thames to ferry 60 stranded people while the local council issued sandbags to those still hoping to keep the water at a safe distance .
Some would say that blame should begin , even end , with Rushdie himself : that this ‘ impertinent , whining guest , ’ as Lord Tebbit unforgivably called him , wrote a calculatedly provocative book , brought the predictable wrath of Islam down upon himself and has since presented the taxpayer with a multi-million pound bill for keeping due retribution at a safe distance .
A thin smear of Vaseline on all snap-on terminals , and internal spring and pins will help keep corrosion at a safe distance .
An army consisted , then , primarily of knights , with archers and other infantry as auxiliaries of growing importance ; and a king also needed to garrison a number of castles and towns if he were to control his subjects and keep his enemies at a safe distance .
I became really depressed because no matter how much I loved my children or tried to take care of them , I could neither keep the doctor at a safe distance or the fungus that was destroying everything that it came into contact with .
Far from cultivating a golden tan , I had difficulty in keeping the rust at a safe distance during a particularly wet summer .
Each LCA had the added firepower of four brens manned by men from 12 Commando , and in their fight with the Germans on the cliff top the commandos kept the defenders at a safe distance until 0330 hours — some two and a half hours after the paras had landed — when the last craft left the beach under heavy fire .
Alice Hart-Davis finds a way to keep the wrinkles at a safe distance when the going gets tough
One small technical trick to aid you in keeping the police at a safe distance , I add , is for your corpse to be supposed to be the result of an accident , often seeming such to everybody but your incurably inquisitive heroine .
It keeps the batch at a safe distance .
MIKE HOOPER is ready to answer Graeme Souness ' call to keep spartak moscow at a safe distance tonight .
Many field officers are preoccupied with the increasing amount of time which must be spent in the office with paper — ‘ keeping the organization at a safe distance ’ , as one of the more critical men put it .
They managed to keep the lassitude at a safe distance with regular coffee breaks every hour and when lunch arrived unexpectedly just after midday , courtesy of Brummer , they were grateful for the nourishment and the respite .
She used it to listen to Wagner on the tube , it turned her five-foot and a small something into a snarling Valkyrie , keeping the loonies at a safe distance .
He was trying desperately to keep memories at a safe distance .
Right : This boldly-patterned plec will keep algae at a safe distance
And even though I assure myself that it 's just the annual resurgence of an old allergy ( a distant relation of eczema — Xmasa ) , I am still incapable of keeping the worst symptoms at a safe distance .
Dynastic disputes followed the death of Albrecht , who died from dysentery in 1439 , whilst preparing an army to keep the turks at a safe distance , and the Habsburgs were temporarily eclipsed as incumbents of both the Imperial and Hungarian thrones .
Prince Rupert managed to fight his way towards London and having reached Brentford , he decided to try to capture London and whilst his troops were encamped on Kew Green , they learned from a maid from a riverside inn ( The Bull ) that Oliver Cromwell was holding a council of war there , so he despatched some horsemen to capture Cromwell , but the ‘ Round Heads ’ kept the horsemen at a safe distance until Cromwell had escaped in a boat to the island in the river closeby , which island has been called ‘ Oliver Isle ’ ever since .
Here again Oxfam made fresh water available … helping to keep disease at a safe distance .
keeping candidiasis at a safe distance
DUNHILL 's string of luxury brands , ranging from Montblanc pens and top tailor Hackett , to French clothes and perfume houses , Chloe and Karl Lagerfeld , helped keep consumer blues at a safe distance in the first half to end-September .
Meanwhile , Bates was turning his 270-acre Grange Farm , Bucks , into a fortress to keep newsmen at a safe distance .
Keep shit at bay , keep warmth at a safe distance , those maggots of feeling , breeding in the shit , sooner or later it gets to them all , even Hilda , love at last , her very words , who would have thought it .
Now it 's hoped laser technology will protect customers and keep the fraudsters at a safe distance .
By the time it reaches the coasts of West Spitsbergen , the largest of the Svalbard group , the current , although much reduced in strength , still has enough energy , when coupled with the summer sun , to warm the sea temperature enough to keep the ice at a safe distance .
keeping campese at a safe distance in a full-blooded charge for the line .
All the weeks of reluctantly keeping yanto at a safe distance , plus having her hand on a male sexual organ for the first time in her twenty five years of life , was too much for Molly .
Together with other frontline RAF types they kept the enemy at a safe distance for over three months , and every aircraft type that is known to have seen operational use during that period is contained in this publication .
But we deliberately do not have much food in the fridge — that way , we keep temptation at a safe distance ! ’
The conversation no longer kept the landscape at a safe distance but intensified it , showing its desolation to be a reality not merely natural but also human .
The rule of sport by amateurs kept capitalism at a safe distance in British sport .
It 's not easy to stay detached , so keep your fear at a safe distance by transforming it into anger — not uncontrollable fury but angry determination .
He noted the external application of gold in cases of fistulas , piles , ringworm and ulcers and the practice of burning jet to keep serpants at a safe distance and dispel hysteria .
All my efforts at control failed to keep ths horror at a safe distance .
The action , brought by Australia 's third largest bank , comes at the end of a year during which Mr Bond — best known for brewing Castlemaine XXXX lager and his 1985 triumph in the America 's Cup yacht challenge — has fought a desperate battle to keep his creditors at a safe distance .
But while this method keeps many plant-eaters at a safe distance , there are always a few creatures who have the design capability to deal with the toxins .
Osborn fired home the 63rd minute winner against the run of play after Nigel Martyn had kept middlesbrough at a safe distance with a string of England-class saves .
You must keep the attacker at a safe distance with your legs — one leg out ready to kick him with the heel , the other held slightly back out of reach to protect your groin .
keep bugs at a safe distance
In contrast , the few children who maintained communications with a birth parent or members of the birth family seemed to draw a lot of satisfaction from occasional communications or meetings .
Rachel maintained communications with Jamie .
Sons and spouses attended the meeting , having prepared beforehand that they would tell their mother personally that they could not offer her a home , but would maintain communications with .
‘ maintain communications , ’ he said as she said goodbye .
The notched up four tracks in Peel 's Festive 50 : ‘ Once More ’ ( 16 ) , ‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ ( 18 ) , ‘ You Should Always maintain communications With Your Friends ’ ( 28 ) , and ‘ Felicity ’ ( 36 ) .
We think it desirable that the same type of teacher should be employed in these courses ( One-Year , Terminal and less formal ) as in University Tutorial Classes and that arrangements should be made whereby staff-tutors appointed for extra-mural work by the Universities should be encouraged to devote part of their time to less formal work , not only in the interests of the work , but also in order to provide a variety of occupation for the tutor and to ensure that he maintains communications with all phases of the adult education movement .
Pleased with the group 's healthy sales , Red Rhino allowed the band the luxury of a colour sleeve for their third release , the double A-side , ‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ and ‘ You Should Always maintain communications With Your Friends ’ .
She also made a point of maintaining communications with every woman who fostered a baby from the Foundling Hospital as the charity was so dear to her husband 's heart .
Can we endorse that , and ask the officers to come back to us and keep us up-to-date with their work .
‘ We maintain close communcations , ’ she replied shortly , deliberately trying to mimic his earlier dismissal by turning her face away as she spoke .
maintaining communications with all local voluntary groups , clubs and local organisations in order to obtain opportunities to speak about the work of the health service and the employment opportunities .
maintaining communications
maintained communications with him , waiting for the right occasion to use him .
They were set up in close succession by the Secretary of State for Scotland to study the curriculum ( Munn ) and assessment ( Dunning ) in the third and fourth years of Scottish secondary schools ; they maintained close communications with each other throughout their deliberations ; and they presented their reports with complementary recommendations at the same time .
The periodicals keep you up-to-date with what is going on in practice and indicate new developments in research .
The Society is maintaining communications with the appropriate authority and full information will be published as soon as possible .
maintaining communications
And her endless supplies of Paris Match keep her up-to-date with the Royals .
‘ I 'm going to ring the Chief Super and keep him up-to-date with developments .
And of course keep me up-to-date on every development , no matter how small . ’
I know that my right hon. and learned Friend maintains communications with the chairmen of the training and enterprise councils and that he is aware of the concern , particularly in the south of England , about the largesse that occasionally appears to be shown to the north .
GETTING TOGETHER AND maintaining communications
There is nothing to hook your fingers over and allow you to relax , so remain calm and keep going .
As long as I remain calm , I 'm in control .
‘ It is important for us to go on remaining calm and keeping calm , as we will , ’ he added .
England 's champs set out on the glory trail with a warning to remain calm
Adidas managed to remain calm while all about them were losing theirs because their trainers were playground staples and their kit designs were head and shoulders above the rest .
Your only son is a college drop-out , and bleeding from the nose because his blood vessels are popping from all the cocaine in his system , and he tells you to remain calm ! ’
Ann remains calm under fire in the front line
In 1924 , with the slogan " remain calm with Coolidge " , he easily retained the presidency for the Republicans , carrying 35 states to the Democrats ' 12 ; 15 million Americans voted for him , while 8 million voted for the Democrat candidate and nearly 5 million for Robert La Follette , a Progressive " third party " candidate .
PWLLHELI postman Elfed Evans remained calm to reach the final of the Regal Welsh Senior ranking event at Bridgend .
remain calm to avoid cot deaths
remain calm ! she thought furiously .
From the initial idea Watt developed an engine with a cylinder kept hot by surrounding it with a jacket of steam and a condenser KEPT COOL by immersing it in a water bath .
Unless you 're confident about reefing in strong winds , remaining calm in a choppy sea , and paddling a line ashore when it 's gusting , life can be a little daunting .
‘ remain calm , girl .
Meanwhile Worcestershire 's cricketers are remaining calm on their tour of South Africa .
KEEP THEM COOL
She 'd fancied him for ages and when he asked her out she managed to remain calm even though she felt faint .
Oxford remained calm though and came up with a winner 5 minutes from time .
Cool left-overs quickly and KEEP THEM COOL .
Mindful of Ace 's warning , she remained calm , but it was not easy , and the final straw was when Jason himself turned up as chief fuel technician .
England boss remains calm despite national uproar
If you love sports and the sun is very hot , wear a white T-shirt , when windsurfing or water-skiing both to reflect the glare and to KEEP YOU COOLER .
remain calm AND CARRY ON
I will say this for Rosenbloom , she remains calm .
In addition , the system , when compressed , allows for a greater circulation of air around the foot , KEEPING IT COOL and dry .
Does he remain calm though ?
Yeah er Prime Minister , John Major John Major 's anxious wife , Norma has a job KEEPING HER calm as she faces the anger of a town blighted by unemployment .
KEEPING COOL at the Excelsior
‘ I most certainly take exception to one or two hints around at the moment that our biggest problem is remaining calm .
But if you have persevered with certain plans or associations and remained calm under pressure , your patience is about to be rewarded .
Euphorbia myrsinites KEEPS ITS COOL in the heat
How did they remain calm on the boat ?
Twomey took away one plate and laid the next , in the centre of which a neat pile of spinach KEPT ITS COOL shape immaculate .
DOWNPATRICK and Down Royal executives will be hoping for good luck next week that there will be strong declarations for their meetings on Wednesday and Saturday respectively .
‘ I will be hoping for good luck , it 's late , ’ says the newly-enthusiastic and , he promises , fit Jarvis .
‘ I 'm hoping for good luck that I might get a bit of it to strengthen the squad . ’
‘ But when my contract expires at the end of the season I will be hoping for good luck that one of the top clubs will be interested in signing me .
PC Fishwick said : ‘ Of course it is too soon to make any judgement but we are hoping for good luck that some of the crime prevention messages are getting through . ’
The bank is now hoping for good luck that its $145m emergency loan will be enough to turn MGM around .
Lang is hoping for good luck that there will not be a massive outcry when the bills drop through letter boxes during the next two weeks .
The Lurgan schoolteacher is hoping for good luck that his club Clan na gael will lift the Armagh senior county football title and that Derry will emerge triumphant in the All Ireland final .
And you can not help hoping for good luck for him .
hoping for good luck and plunging on is one way of dealing with tricky situations which may gain a reputation for the school that it has firm and strong management but it can have costs in the loss of a number of unhappy families .
We are familiar with the situation this time and we will fight on . ’
‘ A fellow can not live out here , winter and summer both , without getting to be familiar with the situation , ’ Fosdyke told him .
Whenever he spoke to the woman he regretted that he had not stamped his authority and demanded that Gwen should be released from Leconfield and transferred with him , but they had said in Century 's personnel that he must have a secretary who was familiar with the situation of the Service , and he had acquiesced .
A 32 year old manager may be full of vigour , enthusiasm and malleable but a 52 year old manager has been through a couple of recessions , is familiar with the situation and cap pull a few more rabbits out of the hat .
Younger players in particular were looked after , since not being familiar with the situation on a tour has blighted more than one career .
‘ I RANG THE BELL , but there was no answer . ’
He seems familiar .
They may be laid to rest by RINGING A BELL which has been blessed in church when they are sighted , then burying the bell in one stretch of water and the clapper in another .
‘ It does not seem familiar , ’ said Bardsley and Burden believed him .
I knew it seemed familiar somewhere .
‘ I checked the files , because that seemed familiar somewhere .
‘ Your mention of Thorn House seemed a little familiar with me .
With me that indicates a warning , since it 's one of those suspicious New Age buzzwords that always portend a scam or screwball notion such as crystal therapy or out-of-body travel .
Natasha RANG A SMALL BELL and , almost instantly , a maid entered through another door .
WINDHOEK in South Africa , where John Muafangejo died at the tragically early age of 44 in 1987 , seemed immediately familiar .
He echoed her words of a few moments before , and the jarring note of triumph in his voice indicated of a warning somewhere in Shannon 's mind .
‘ It seems vaguely familiar .
Frequently it is necessary to infer an unexpressed meaning .
Much of it is not recorded in great detail , so one is left to infer the unexpressed meaning about the activities that were involved .
Harriet , infering the unexpressed meaning , knew exactly what her daughter meant .
infering the unexpressed meaning , I suspect that Rodney has never quite forgiven either of them . ’
Because it 's dad says he works Redruth Cos he , he infers the unexpected meaning !
NAKED TRUTH : ‘ infer the unexpressed meaning ’ Atlanta-based jazz thrash exponents offer a triple track EP to follow their recent mini-album ‘ Green With Rage ’
official procedures that are complex and time-consuming
So if we get an idea to do something for the residents we do not need to go through endless official procedures that are complex and time-consuming in order to get it done .
We might imagine a project in which a coordinating team was actually hampered by rules of procedure which became such a straitjacket of official procedures that are complex and time-consuming that , for example , otherwise admirable proposals might be unacceptable on a technicality .
Call for more ‘ green ’ goals , less official procedures that are complex and time-consuming
It talks about only another layer of government and more official procedures that are complex and time-consuming and state control , not less .
Opening the two-day conference , John Gummer renewed his attack on form filling and official procedures that are complex and time-consuming inherent in the reformed CAP and again declared his opposition to the development of supply controls , such as compulsory land set-aside and the extension of the quota system .
The word is much used by his closest adviser , Hernando de Soto , author of ‘ The Other Path ’ — a celebrated study of Peru 's huge and dense informal sector of street vendors , cottage industries and official procedures that are complex and time-consuming .
The prewar refugees from Nazi central Europe dribbled into Britain through a thick filter of official procedures that are complex and time-consuming .
try not to put things off too much as plans may take far longer to arrange and involve more official procedures that are complex and time-consuming than you might think .
We are determined to cut the official procedures that are complex and time-consuming . ’
Organisers of the biggest air rally in Europe say that military official procedures that are complex and time-consuming could force them to stage the event elsewhere .
One thing is absolutely clear : why should manufacturing industry benefit from a quadruple whammy with higher costs , higher prices , higher inflation , a minimum wage and more official procedures that are complex and time-consuming ?
That was amply demonstrated by the speech of the hon. Member for Stockton , South , as it was by the chairman of the Conservative party who produced a document in July entitled ’ Regional official procedures that are complex and time-consuming ’ .
official procedures that are complex and time-consuming is strangling Lucy Roberts ' chances of living a normal happy life .
Finish him with one hard accurate kick to the groin and immediately push him into the rest of the pack as you run very fast .
He ran very fast down the narrow road that went to the Toops ' house .
She ran very fast towards it , and then somehow she was inside .
She ran very fast back to the apartment and tumbled her few clothes into bags , then raced back through the back alleys to avoid the crowds and finally met Lucenzo pacing up and down by the column .
Joss RAN INTO THE WIND .
person who agrees with everything .
There 's a kind of person who agrees with everything , that , that 's the way the carpet industry works in general .
Muccio added that Rhee 's tendency to be surrounded by ‘ persons who agrees with everything ’ compounded the problem .
All , in fact , were men who become rich and influential through their own actions — which no doubt is a clue to their style and motives .
When they first met for real the fierce , cold , autocratic , heroically man who become rich and influential through his own actions 's beady eye and cockily addressed him as ‘ Washy ’ to his face , well , petrification set in , sometimes terminal .
Whitbread had no formal education and seems to have been the archetypal man who becomes rich and influential through his own actions .
There is the ambition , desperately normal in the man who becomes rich and influential through his own actions , to be recognized , to leave a mark on the world .
He 's a man who becomes rich and influential through his own actions and that sort of thing .
man who becomes rich and influential through his own actions : And His Undoing .
man who becomes rich and influential through his own actions
Bizat says he always jokes that he torched it not surprisingly , because much of the rehabilitation was made easier by the obligation to begin from nothing at all , and the insurance produced £18.2 million .
Lengthy booklists are expensive and dull : with some time and effort it will be possible for you to build up a personal library and reference system which is individually geared to your particular needs , and one which helps you to build on your existing knowledge rather than attempting to begin again from nothing at all .
If you are beginning from nothing at all , or just , decide what has to be bought and what improvised in the way of seating .
It begins from nothing at all , as a single cell , and grows a new heart , using the same design program as its parent 's heart , to which improvements may be added .
So , in one sense I was not beginning entirely from nothing at all .
beginning from nothing at all has a certain attraction but is hardly an option in countries , such as Britain , which have long established medical schools .
‘ We began from nothing at all by saying that if we had a brand new game called rugby what would it be like ?
begin from nothing at all this spring with a thorough clean-out and then treat the pond as though it were a new one , going through the necessary maturation process .
The rabbits will have moved out or back — and , in effect , you must begin completely from nothing at all again .
begin from nothing at all
If you are beginning completely from nothing at all , however , and have the cash available , I recommend that you purchase a basic helicopter radio which can still be used with a fixed pitch machine if required , but will be of great help if a variable ( collective ) pitch machine is purchased .
‘ Would you do it this way if you were beginning from nothing at all ? ’ was the question posed by ACOST chairman Sir Robin Nicholson .
Loans , however are not the complete answer to the financial problems of technology-based firms that begin from nothing at all .
Children are usually STOPPED BY parents from playing with their faeces , and they become interested instead in mud pies , or in building sandcastles or playing with clay and plasticine .
Gqozo said he had been forewarned of a coup plot , and the two conspirators were STOPPED BY a police road block as they attempted to enter the capital , Bisho , from the direction of Transkei .
The place where that service was performed was the place where the sub-licensee did what the grant enabled him to do without being STOPPED BY the taxpayer .
He began to aim at the other man , who was reloading his Luger , but was STOPPED BY the Doctor 's hand on his shoulder .
As a new-boy , he had already been labelled as the MP who found himself driving seven miles the wrong way on the M6 until he was STOPPED BY a patrol and banned for six months .
The only one is that constant crying is usually ‘ self-limiting ’ — that is , it STOPS BY itself after running its course ; usually after no more than three to four months .
And er when I first came to the shop , the mo m A lot of them used to come by train and you know taxis or meeting and at the station and and away from Holyhead they used to visit the shop for fruit .
James Thorne 's discussion of the long-standing debate over the interpretation of Robert Frost 's " visiting the woods " is instructive precisely because , among other things , it recognises the limitations of a stylistics that aims , or claims , to be objective and exhaustive , and because it highlights the need to be selective in description and open to the coexistence of multiple meanings in interpretation .
The text to the left says : ‘ Vauxhall Astra , Built by Robots , Driven by Joyriders , STOPPED BY A COY ! ’
No , stop daddy , stop it , STOP BY the way this is a play .
visiting the warm stone walls of a rambling old thatched farmhouse , he cut the engine , turning to study her rigid , ashen-faced tension .
We prop the grating open with another branch and spend the next half-hour pulling fallen branches and logs from all over that part of the hill , dragging them into the clump of bushes and throwing them into the shaft ; we snap dead branches off trees and bushes and haul and peel living ones off ; we accumulated with difficulty armfuls of dry leaf litter and throw those over the edge of the chimney , too ; everything goes under the grating and down into the shaft .
Their answers result in the supreme irony of lorry-loads of young men , having accumulated with difficulty some money from their extended family , travelling for days in the backs of trucks as tight-packed as rush-hour subway trains .
In this instance we are again studying a very real struggle , with gangs looting , scavenging and turning to organised crime as a means of accumulating with difficulty a living .
The story focusses on Mario and Pedro , two kids who are having a tough time accumulating with difficulty enough money to live on .
As Bailey said , the two of them never agreed completely .
We we think we agree completely with the county council on this er provided it is clearly in the the acceptable needs of the district will be met by taking areas of countryside .
When it was Lord Thurso 's time to speak he was able to joke " Your Territorial Commander and I agree completely .
The trouble is , we do not agree , or , more correctly , our minds move in different channels .
Bishops were again brought in to arbitrate ; but they did not agree completely .
But then those two do not agree about anything these days .
I do not agree completely with Tod on all issues .
‘ This one wanted to do my work , but when he started telling me that personally he was against all pet shops and would like to see them closed we did not exactly agree completely .
He said he could not serve on that sub-committeee ( consisting of Brian Close , Bob Appleyard , Phil Sharpe , Bryan Stott , Tony Woodhouse ) ‘ when I do not agree completely with them on any subject ’ .
‘ Angela , ’ he said , ‘ you and me , we have not always agreed completely recently , but we are friends .
THOSE keen environmentalists , Richard Branson and Sir James Goldsmith , are no longer agreeing completely .
Believes in making your own way through life , walking tall , talking and dealing honestly , balling chicks as he puts it and spitting in the eye of anyone who does you wrong .
Thursday afternoon CPC bookstall Julian Critchley MP The Palace Of Varieties has SHOT STRAIGHT into the best-seller list .
The flames SHOT STRAIGHT up into the sky , dispersing whatever fog was in the immediate area , and we sat around on bales , as we have always done , while some members of the family let off fireworks in the background .
All you have to do is get up close , keep your temper , and talk or deal honestly .
Even this lark of Gary 's was something , having a horse and learning to talk or deal honestly .
No one expects every one to hit these targets in the middle , but at least they should be in sight and the marksman should be provided with a gun that SHOOTS STRAIGHT .
Shiona gasped from the sheer extravagance of the sensations moving very quickly through her .
Mr Wilson , a forty seven year old accountant , was SHOT THROUGH the head twice after his family had been tied up and held captive .
Even so , the many pages of dour and strenuous virtuosity are moved very quickly through withe frequent flashes of brilliance and in the Larghetto 's brief but haunting decorations Chopin 's character becomes unmistakable .
Several involve Martin 's ancient Volkswagen Beetle and there is one striking scene moving very quickly through an aquarium .
He moved very quickly through the door almost as soon as it was opened , closely followed by a small , bald-headed individual carrying what looked like a suitcase .
At all events , it enables her to explore the danger that moves very quickly through many childhoods : the fear of losing mother or father , the conflict we often endure as we hear their exasperated voices arguing above our heads or while we are in bed .
He smiled back , and Claudia felt a shaft of pain move very quickly through her .
SHOT THROUGH the heart with whisky wore
Aherne may not have the long , quick pass of Saunders , but his all-action as Ireland were overwhelmed at Twickenham proved that the attractive middle aged man with graying hair makes up for in tenacity what he lacks in technique .
attractive middle aged man with graying hair rallies to Sally Ann .
Could it be the mysterious international assassin they call ‘ The SILVER FOX ’ ?
Domestication or controlled breeding of hitherto wild animals for their products has been commercially successful : witness such ventures as fur ranches for SILVER FOX , mink , and chinchilla An unusual and profitable business in Thailand is exporting 2000 skins annually of a hybrid crocodile ( Crocoytus porosus X C. palustris ) .
She forced herself to wait patiently and retain a noncommittal but not overtly offensive expression while striped shirt talked about unit trusts and pink tie came in once or twice with deferential follow-ups or corrections .
If the front rabbit waits patiently and declines to budge there is no way the others can move .
wait patiently for a moment and we will get to it .
Could you not have waited patiently in the fellow 's house for a few weeks longer ? ’
The Turkish people are waiting patiently , watching the skies and CNN .
I 'm going to consider it overnight before deciding .
‘ consider it overnight before deciding , Jonadab .
And look at the way he 's considered it overnight before deciding oh I 'm not running Tim , I can not cope this morning , I know sometimes we do , but I need to walk to the gate like a lady
THE CAT 'S BEEN SLEEPING ON IT ALL AFTERNOON !
Leave the haggling over the price to your agent and take his advice on the final choice of buyer , who should be well advanced in his own sale ; but do not be in any hurry to settle the matter without at least considering it overnight before deciding and allowing for second thoughts all round .
These factors may include the baby being too hot because of another viral infection , wearing too many clothes or SLEEPING ON ITS stomach rather than its back .
So I decided that it was time to pack up I decided that the nights were made to sleep on n n n and I was going to SLEEP ON THEM you see ?
It was of the kind that one is warned against sleeping upon , but I knew she did SLEEP UPON IT .
I suspect a betrayal here — I really do .
Ms London immediately suspected a betrayal .
Niki suspected the betrayal and said unless his driving contract were honoured , he would move to McLaren .
I was told : ‘ She is becoming the image of her mirror image .
He looks like the mirror image of him I tell you .
HORRIFYING HARBINGERS OF HELL , MONSTROUS CARBUNCLES OR MEDIEVAL FORERUNNERS OF ‘ mirror image ’ ?
I will tell you another thing , whatever the mirror images say about John he pays his money , he does not grab his bermuda shorts and a wristwatch and fly off to the sunny islands .
A mirror image scene poking fun at the Royal Family has been removed from a store window at the Queen 's request .
mirror image
Absolutely the mirror images of each other !
I thought it would be cool : - ) Now EVERYONE can have one … lessen my praise, force or authority , I think the away top with HUMPHRIES on the back will be cool for work : - )
But Mr Kaifu is in no mood to let anyone lessen his praise, force or authority .
What we need to do is lessen his praise, force or authority in some way so that he realises how pointless it would be to write a story or even make any of those veiled suggestions that reporters of his ilk seem to be so good at . ’
Coppers narked as thieves lessened their praise, force or authority
Vivienne Peters , chief executive of the Telecommunications Users Association , believes that Mercury 's reticence may not be because of problems with the trial , but because it wants to keep the plan under wraps in the fear that British Telecommunications Plc will try to lessen its praise, force or authority by pre-launching a similar service .
They had lessened our praise, force or authority , put us under pressure to be quick with the business they wanted to complete and left us to flounder in the morass of our own proposals .
John 's already lessened my praise, force or authority on the straw poll erm that I was going to do but suffice to say that we normally do that at these types of seminars and there 's always a few people in the room who put their hands up and say they have got more than ten data sources in their organization .
Do you know we 're actually , on some cases we 're actually lessening their praise, force or authority .
The Minister had planned a speech of thanks himself during a visit to Stoke Mandeville Hospital … but Adis Avdic lessened his praise, force or authority .
Your most startling , persuasive or important points should not go in the introduction ; do not let the introduction lessen your praise, force or authority .
If Mr Benn is voted out it will reinforce Labour 's belief in wider use of ballots , rather than having polls sewn together by local activists .
Well you can see where it 's STITCHED UP the back , you can on Sharon 's
About the same time , for whatever reason , that the cops , they secured a deal with the Weasel — who would almost collapse at fat Phillis 's tap , her grave face and hand upon his shoulder — Anton went for a piss .
The Eight Extraordinary Dancers lived there up to the ears as usual with their own brand of juvenile mischief , watching the matron getting undressed by looking over her partition or STITCHING UP her nightdress .
Digital Equipment Corp executives remark that the Open Software Foundation better make some progress in the coming months mending the wounds of the old Unix wars and accommodating itself to new alliances or else it 's going to have a lot of trouble getting funding from its sponsors next year .
mended
Either find a compromise between the pattern and grain or , if the problem is very bad , return the fabric before cutting .
‘ Now that C4 has to look harder minute-by-minute at audience size and profile , it needs to find a compromise between more people watching without losing good market rates . ’
finding a compromise
It is more a case of finding a fair compromise between the landlord and the tenant .
The function of the court in such circumstances is to find a reasonable compromise between the conflicting considerations of not preventing redevelopment on the one hand , and giving the tenant a reasonable degree of security of tenure on the other ( ibid ) .
Wherever we might finally find a compromise , it seems clear that whereas nostalgia for the once-safe streets and the once-quiet youth is phoney , we can be equally sure that those who sensationalised the ‘ pistol gangs ’ sometimes got carried away with themselves .
The main issue in this debate was finding a compromise between public needs and residents ' needs .
The importance of finding a compromise between buying ad borrowing is examined in Chapter 13 , and in this respect the weeding of stock is also conditioned by the availability of other resources in the area .
I do believe that a great work of art finds a subtle compromise between what seems too obvious and what seems too difficult . …
To attract participants , the exchange 's contracts must meet a genuine commercial need and find a proper compromise between traders and customers , so that one side is not unduly discouraged from doing business .
Thus we must find a fine compromise between simply learning to put up with things through realizing the inevitable limitations on satisfaction in the life of a finite creature , and between vigorous efforts to put the situation right .
The purpose of the Bill is not to over-regulate but to allow as much discretion to local authorities as possible , bearing in mind that we also need certainty within the law , and I hope that I have found a compromise .
But Commissioner Ripa di Meana argues that in its reworked form , the directive found a good compromise between the need to set high safety standards , while avoiding unjustifiable costs for Europe 's chemical industry .
He never spoiled , nor allowed others to spoil , his players with too much praise , but found a subtle compromise between encouragement and discipline . ’
Earlier in this chapter ( p. 70 ) finding a realistic compromise between protection and freedom was discussed in the context of preventing accidents in relation to children .
Interviewers have to find a careful compromise between establishing the kind of relationship with respondents that will encourage them to be frank and truthful , and avoiding becoming too friendly so that respondents try hard to please .
finding a compromise between comfort and smartness need not be time consuming .
finding the compromise between conservation and access becomes ever more complex , both in the countryside and in historic houses and gardens .
Their treks cost a lot of money , but find a good compromise between looking after people and keeping planning flexible enough to take advantage of unforeseen opportunities : on the Borneo trip some of them camped by a waterfall and , instead of eating dried provisions , cooked a deer shot by one of their guides .
In checking to ensure that your employers have striven to find a fair compromise , it could be worth asking whether they have considered drawing up some form of ‘ points table ’ or other grading system , by which the relevant matters can be assessed .
In the past this aspect of training has been overemphasized but efforts are now made to find a better compromise .
He suggests that section 8(3) will probably be ‘ sensibly construed as an attempt to find a realistic compromise ’ and points out that there will be ‘ room for legitimate differences of emphasis among the various agreed syllabuses , as at present ’ .
You must simply find a sensible compromise between working alone at your problems and collaborating with others .
It was simply a case of finding a better compromise between work and play , and taking more of an interest in the social side of life .
Roger Baker of the Suffolk Chamber of Commerce said Mr Lamont had successfully found the compromise between balancing the books and sustaining recovery .
Staff need , however , to find a delicate compromise between giving optimistic support and encouragement on the one hand and accepting on the other that some individuals do not wish to , or can not , change as a result of disability and may need to be helped , therefore , to cope with permanent social impairments and distressing symptoms .
We , we now think it 's appropriate to find a medium compromise , therefore we will get the de-loan stock interest up to ninety three , we will take in , in this year , which we expect to get next year .
I do not remember the carpet coming up to hit me , nor finding it hard to breathe , nor at that moment did the judge put on the black cap and say that I must SWING BY the neck until I was dead .
He yelped shrilly and dropped his guard just sufficiently for a sword , SWUNG BY a surprised opponent , to skewer him .
Clary would chuckle , and stumble on , bottle SWINGING BY his side , and cigarette squeezed between two thin , withered fingers , black with dirt — never washed away .
At the moment he is working his way through Swing Hammer SWING BY Jeff Torrington , a humorous novel about urban deprivation in the Gorbals .
Roosevelt , however , was president in a relatively uncomplicated era and since his time government has become vastly more complex and expansive with the problems of bureaucratic control increasing by dramatic advances .
And then you make what a lot of people would be er consider er er a dramatic advance .
This year marked the completion and opening of an £85,000 aircraft display hall and with it , TMAM took a dramatic advance forward with a durable ‘ crown ’ for their collection .
A dramatic advance ahead of Grace Bros ' Mr Humphries , Thames ' brave portrayal of real-life ancient closet-free homosexual Quentin Crisp in a sensitive , sympathetic , and , more importantly , amusing manner was a TV breakthrough .
Anybody see erm QUANTUM LEAP last night ?
dramatic advance in microscopy
dramatic advances from working class to the chair of a board of directors of a multinational corporation are rare , which is why they attract so much attention when they occur .